When considering the issue of legalizing marijuana, it helps to refer to precedent and previous cases. Research shows that it has potential to be used medicinally in treating glaucoma, as well as in relieving pain. On the other hand, the legalization of marijuana raises ethical concerns, as statistics show that those who use this drug are more inclined to use other more potent illicit substances. Each drug also carries with it a certain health hazard, especially when taken (or administered) in exceedingly high dosages. California and Arizona approved medical applications of the drug in 1996, and have since been immersed in controversy. Among its uses, marijuana has been shown to alleviate tension, and has been prescribed to treat nausea among cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy. Based on these precedents, supporters for the legalization of marijuana have additional impetus to forward their cause.
The negative effects of marijuana usage are extensive, and include physiological symptoms in addition to erratic shifts in mood and perception. Those against the legalization of marijuana may cite these among their objections. They may also find it morally reprehensible to use any drug as a sort of crutch to dull the “pain” of everyday living. Physiologically, marijuana endangers individuals by altering their perceptions, as it hampers spatial reasoning and rational judgment. Those who smoke marijuana may report hallucinations, and they are thus subject to faulty sensory data. Research from the University of Berkeley indicates that, on a molecular level, marijuana impairs the human immune system because THC suppresses the action of lymphocytes, specifically the body’s T-cytotoxic cells. These T cells are instrumental in cell-mediated immunity due to their unique ability to recognize and eliminate altered (mutagenic) or diseased body cells. Thus marijuana use can increase the body’s risk of infection. Also, though marijuana is often touted as a way to boost one’s mood, this “high” is temporary, and has the potential to cause drug dependency. From this, behavioral conditions may develop, as an individual’s health degenerates further and further. 

