Looking at the discussion starter, it seems like a proverbial “no brainer” that privacy and security must exist in some sort of balanced relationship. As is the case with most anything, neither extreme will suffice. Come to think of it, neither extreme is feasible either. It seems to me that we are all entitled to our privacy, which is a legitimate claim to make. When our personal affairs involve matters of safety and human wellbeing, then security should be observed moreso than individual discretion.
Then again, privacy extends beyond “keeping secrets,” to use a juvenile description of the term. The question that seems to arise time and time again is “Where does one draw the line between privacy and security?” When are any of us justified in breaching another individual’s privacy? Is there a definite answer to these questions? I doubt it, as I’m certain that each instance of privacy violation carries with it an entire set of circumstances and perceptions.
Are there certain things that we are allowed to keep “under wraps,” and more specifically, are there things that we have a responsibility to let other people know? In the case of an illness, it seems that there is no choice but disclosure, should another individual be at risk of infection, or perhaps even death.  These are very real concerns, which do need to be addressed. However, I am not convinced that an effective policy would, or even could, be created to “resolve” all privacy issues and controversies. It seems like a step beyond even wishful thinking to hope that such legislation could exist.
All in all; however, the issue of the appropriate degree of individual privacy remains a difficult question to answer. Beyond the realm of policy, the issue of privacy needs to be dealt from individual standpoints. A measure of common sense can go a long way, especially with information posted on the Internet (to use an electronic medium as an example). Added discretion, for the mere sake of caution, could aid the situation immensely. 

