            Of all the problems and bad situations I’ve ever heard of, the Iraq War might be the biggest. There are a few main problems, one of which being that the president LIED to his country to trick them into supporting a war. This is a pretty big one, but there still seems to be nothing that was done about it. Even after Bush lied, more than half of this country re-elected him as president. Maybe this was just because Kerry was so blah, to put it so articulately, but something needed to be done. If Clinton was nearly impeached for lying to his country about getting freaky with his intern, then it would seem to follow that lying to a country in order to trick them into starting war should be punished. Clearly, our priorities are in order. Bush should have been arrested and immediately fired from his job for what he let happen. This was not the case though. This is not our biggest problem today – we are now stuck in Iraq with no idea what to do. When George Bush Senior had the idea of invading Iraq when he was president, he was even smart enough to realize and explicitly say that there was no clear or good way to escape. The rebellious son that he is, Bush Jr. decided to do the exact opposite.
            To get away from living in the past, as we seem to do far too easily in such cases, I will take the next step and say that we should evacuate Iraq immediately. The human side of war must be taken into account here – way too many American soldiers are dying every day or living in horrible, frightening conditions worried that each day could be their last. If our president, or whoever is actually running this country, actually cared about Americans, you would think he would try to keep us alive unless there was a very good reason not to. When considering the keys to a successful nation, it should be understood that we should act based on the best interest of our nation as a whole, not some foreign nation of no interest to us except oil. We mustn’t be fooled when we hear that we are there to save the poor Iraqi people. First of all: That’s not why we started the war or what it is accomplishing. Second: Sending in troops with guns never makes anything better, only worse. Third: According to recent polls, they don’t even want us there! So I say we listen to the Iraqis, since the leaders in our country can almost never be trusted, and get the hell out now. 

