When I find myself arguing for the legalization of marijuana, like many other people, I end up comparing it to alcohol. With all this stuff going on in football right now over marijuana use, I am just wondering why marijuana has such a bad reputation. College football players who admitted to using weed recently are under scrutiny right now, especially by the teams that were planning on drafting them. What is the big deal? As long as they play great football and earn their money, why should marijuana stand in the way of anyone not hiring them? Just like any other habit or “vice”, marijuana should not be considered a problem until it begins to interfere with regular daily activities such as work, school, or football. And until then, it should be ignored – just like drinking alcohol. I’ve never heard of a team testing its players for alcohol use. Is it just because it’s legal? Alcohol can still lead to serious health problems that could affect an athlete’s play. I can’t help but laugh at how petty and unreasonable people can be to just say that weed is bad without really knowing anything about it. I feel like if there is one harmless drug in the world, it is marijuana. You never hear of people getting “high” and getting into fist fights or killing people. Drunk, on the other hand… The only crimes that occur with marijuana seem to be the ones on the streets over bad deals or whatever. If marijuana were legal, this would not be the case. Instead, there could be some government regulation of marijuana sales to help ensure safety and prevent stupid crimes from occurring. I remember something about bootlegging in the 1920s in which smuggling alcohol into the country was the answer for Prohibition. When Prohibition ended, so did the illegal bootlegging business. Alcohol is obviously not good for us, so why was that the right thing to do at the time? All I know is that Prohibition was never brought back, so we must have done something right. If the government were to look at it this way and ignore the people who will always say “weed is bad”, I think they would end up making the right decision…again. 

