I feel that people against gay marriage are not considering the rights handed out by the Constitution. If there is supposed to be equality of all people, then what is the problem? If homosexuals are people, which I think they are, then they should have every right to marriage that a heterosexual person has. In regard to the issue that it would prevent procreation, I feel that adoption is a perfectly good and decent option. All the children in the country floating from foster home to foster home can be provided with even more willing and capable married couples to be adopted by, even if they may be homosexual. As to whether it should be allowed even though it is not as natural a marriage as a heterosexual one, I feel that these views are held solely by the Church or other religions and should not interfere with national laws if there is supposed to be a separation of church and state. Gay marriage, along with other moral issues ruled upon by the government, should be looked at in a secular way as much as possible in order to arrive at a realistic, socially acceptable, non-religious ruling. The idea of people pointing to the Bible as something that should determine our ruling on gay marriage should not let their religion interfere with our national responsibility of maintaining equality. 

I have recently noticed a trend of people presenting the idea of allowing gay marriage, but under a different name. It may sound like a good solution, to just give them all the same benefits and some recognition and call it a civil union or whatever, but I still don’t see a reason to compromise. Such a compromise would almost certainly not be the end solution, only a step taken in the right direction. There would still be ongoing debate, I feel, until full and true equality is reached on the issue of marriage. I simply do not feel there is any need to deny them real equality, especially on a matter of such little vital importance unlike the real issues concerning our national welfare. Until something arises that truly would and should lead us to speak of bending the rules on equality, I recommend that we maintain them for now despite the way some people might feel on the issue.

