I do agree that there is something that needs to be done in the church to increase the number of priests; however I do not believe that allowing priests to get married is the right way to fix this problem.  Although there are other religions that have ministerial leaders who are permitted to be married, I don’t believe that it should be the same in Catholicism.  The key role model for priests is and always has been Jesus.  They are supposed to model their lives, especially through their jobs in the church, after Him.  One of the main components of Jesus’ dedication to God was his celibacy.  So I believe that in allowing priests to marry, that it is taking away from a priest’s ability to commit himself fully to the church, in turn “marrying” the church.  I also believe that not permitting women to become priests is not sexist nor inappropriate.  Women could be wonderful priests, no doubt, but it does not reflect the origins of the church to allow women to become priests.  A priest being only male loosely reflects on the fact that only men were permitted to be disciples.  Women have wonderful roles as of now in the church that I do not find unnecessary or useless.  Mothers and nuns are a vital party of the dynamics of the church.  Men are not allowed to fulfill these roles, and this has not caused any uneasy feelings.  In a society where fashions, fads, and all other things change so regularly it never hurts to have some stability in the areas of religion and family.  That said I do believe that the church also needs to adapt to times slightly.  As with Vatican II, it seems to be time that the Catholic Church looks at its ideas concerning many topics.  Some of the ones that concern me are birth control and natural family planning and gay marriage.  The world is over populated and children can often end up without stable homes because of this.  I am not saying that people should be allowed to have constant premarital sex as they please, however I do believe some adjustments need made on this topic.  It is becoming more obvious that homosexuality is not a choose homosexuals made, but biological.  On that information, it is unbelievable that the church would not allow these faithful good Catholics to enter into a marriage under God with a partner. 

