While gender discrimination has been cut down immensely, it is still not completely eliminated.  In the 2006 Fiscal year The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) received 23, 247 charges involving gender based discrimination.  23,365 of these charges were resolved and rewarded $99.1 million.  Although women finally have the right to vote, play professional sports, go to college, etc, there is still a problem in the workplace.  I believe that there is a problem until every woman is paid equally and treated equally in the workplace.  As recorded in April 2005 the gap between women’s median hourly pay and men’s was 13 %, while as of now it is 12.6 %.  For example, women can still be fired or hired based on pregnancies, even though it is technically illegal. 
Women do have an opportunity to hold the same executive jobs that men hold, however it is more difficult.  This is because most businesses were based in a time where work was a “man’s world.”  The effects of this can still be seen as the majority of all CEOs are still men.  However, in 1963 Mary Kay Ash started the company Mary Kay Inc. for makeup.  She pledged to offer women opportunities for financial independence, career advancement and personal fulfillment.  In 1996 her company was profiled in Forbes Greatest Business Stories of All Time and was the only woman in the book.  There are Mary Kay beauty consultants in over 30 countries worldwide.
I grew up in what could be viewed as a traditional family… my father worked from 9-5 and my mother was a home maker who was always available and would drive us to all of our sports and extracurricular activities.  She always had dinner ready and did the other things that most housewives do.  But the most important thing that she did was teach my sister and me how to be independent, accomplished women who could choose what we wanted in life.  She always said that if we wanted to stay home that was something to be proud of.  She also insisted that we get the highest education in life and fulfill whatever dreams we could with our rights because she and women of generations before us didn’t always have those same rights. 

