Well I I would say that it is um I mean just uh yes

I thought it was sixty, forty

I don't know. Have you guys ever heard of like I don't know if it's true or not, but someone once told me when they were revising the SAT like in our junior year um that

Um that I was told that um the essay section um and the revisions made to the math section or some like and the elimination of the analogies and what not all that stuff that that was done so that the test would be more fair to female students

[S11] It sucked.

They didn't do that before?

Are you serious?

Really?
 
The same thing I'm seen that way with my friends and myself I don't date and my friends don't either, but um their other like female friends will ask them like they're female too but, um no they do get asked that like why don't you do whereas I went to an all-guys private, catholic high school whatever like it didn't really matter like it was fine there was nothing wrong with it

Because it's not that relevant.

Oh um I mean I agree with that I mean the whole idea that the culture or generation perception doesn't help any of these things um it's very true and we've all seen that and I do agree with the fact that um things around here may be a bit more um minimalistic in approach like getting what needs to be done, done as opposed to um 

Yeah, those larger areas of debate

Math and biochem

No, I don't know.

To be completely honest um uhh like I talked to like through my scholarship they set up a mentoring thing, and there's a guy from my high school who went here um Ken Mills I think he graduated from here in 96 um but generally doing the same thing that I was like um biology major maybe chem. too, I don't remember but um I talked to him ahead of time, and before I decided to come here and he had said that while he really enjoyed it here and I do, I really do um for the people and everything that at the same time he didn't feel challenged in anyway and I do somewhat agree with him I mean with my math classes and my bio and my chem like my math class last semester we in calc. three we had a good number of the way I had it explained to me was that since we had a good deal of engineering students the course wasn't as rigorous or difficult as it could have been, but like we had exams in an hour and fifteen minutes or the extended class period on Tuesdays and Thursdays those exams um like I would be able to get through them in about twenty minutes

But, like our teacher she would give us review problems that I couldn't I had no idea how to do, but I mean like it sort of just made it seem as though like the potential was there for that challenge, but 

It doesn't. But, well at the same time it feels like that which needs to get done, will get done provided that you care enough um and like I feel sort of the same way about say the chem. Department
 
Um, no.

Um, yeah but yeah it's very






