Um personally, I would be for it um a friend of mine actually, a few friends of mine are gay and based on that I used to disagree, but um I would say that yeah um it's if they can be happy then it seems like a good thing.

Yes. I didn't really have any experience or any real knowledge of um like a gay presence like I thought they were very, very, very small minority um and initially thought that they shouldn't uh be able to get married or have unions or what not but, over time I realized that it that just didn't make sense
 
Matthew Shepherd? 

Middle America example for you

That's the priest?
 
Isn't Massachusetts?
 
Well first, in terms of policy and the definition, you'd have to go with the homosexual union or what not to be included in the
 
I guess that's what makes being gay so different though, is like you have to be told you can't just hey, you're talking 

Oh yeah, you have your own sect of house moms that have kids they think might be gay that they take to church to have priests and so forth try to fix em.

Churches won't look at that.

Well, ok then there's the whole evolution thing too that would be a little more important to buy us some

Yeah, yeah, yeah

Well, I mean but, it's all in the same science

I've never even heard that argument before the whole original sin baptism 

No, I know what that is. I'm just saying in terms of does that mean they're already forgiven? in terms of I never really looked at it in terms of homosexuality I suppose, but I mean it makes sense I suppose you could tie it together
 
It was a long time ago.

Could you make a kid left-handed per say if you wanted to have like a better athlete just throwing this out there

Lefty [inaudible]

A little too much

You probably would have like a lot of people moving to Europe, right? 
 
A little personal I mean like they don't tell you who you can marry of the opposite sex

No, not at all.

Probably helping people like kids that wouldn't necessarily have a stable home have people to be adopted by

Forty-five years? It's a lot longer.

One of my closest friends from home who I played soccer with my whole life um he went to the University of South Carolina where he um he came out um I guess his junior going into summer year um junior summer in high school and um he you know he was one of the top athletes uh at our school which was like a factory for soccer players it was like he was in the spotlight you know what I mean yeah people knew who he was and his family Lean family Lean is his last name sure, it doesn't make a difference um the family was like the first soccer family of my area like three older sisters and older brother all went to like UNC multiple really good schools for soccer and his Dad was an All-American at the University of Pennsylvania so his parents in no way still don't know about it uh because they they wouldn't want to know, but he's brought back like his boyfriends his boyfriends from high from college from the University of South Carolina, which in itself was I mean he went there because they offered him a full soccer scholarship and they're really good not because they were gonna offer him the best benefits culturally you know for what he was looking for obviously and, um but hanging out with him now opposed to when he was like a sophomore in high school, and we didn't know is like a thousand times better because he is actually himself for the first time and I think that's what like being straight or whatever you are and, but you're not homosexual and you're making all these judgments about what it all really breaks down to for me at least, is just the people to be yourself like in a lot of ways, your sexuality is very important you can't hide half of who you are you know cause then you're never gonna actually understand you know the person or they won't actually be able to express themselves fully towards you because they're constantly living a lie and when if you're gonna ban that or keep making people hide under the you know

Absolutely

Right that happens way too often

I want to ask you um what part of the country are you from?

New York City, well

And that's 

Right, and like we're all gonna sit here and preach to the choir cause I'm positive like 

And Pennsylvania and New York

Swarthmore, the most liberal part of Pennsylvania Swarthmore, Pennsylvania
 
Right so I mean like we all have situations where like our friends come out and that's the best thing that's happened to them but, like there's vast parts of our country where people not only do they not come out, but should they come out will not be living where their home is

Yeah, people in the rest of the world [inaudible] homosexuality in general

That's George Carlin on stand-up the evolution of words have you ever seen that?

George Carlin's just great he's tremendous, but he talks just does the evolution of like the English language for Americans
 
Like shell shock to post traumatic stress syndrome 
