Um I am and forever from the first day have not been a supporter of the war um I didn't really get in the beginning what the I mean they said the weapons of mass destruction they were going in to get them and then you know surprise there was none in the country they couldn't find any and um I just never thought that there was a clear cut purpose you know, they said it was part of the war on terror, but um I mean what happened to finding Osama Bin Laden who's the reason that we initially got you know September 11th was initial reason I thought we got into the war on terror and um you know he was responsible for the regime that caused 9-11 so you know that kinda fell ya know off the water when the war in Iraq started and I just have never seen the point of the war

I agree.

And it's such an extensive process to implement a democracy on people who have no interest in it which I think

Yeah

And it didn't end well with them.

Like three

I mean, since 2001.

Yeah, I mean they should have recognized they weren't dealing with normal war tactics where it's like this against this and you're just gonna go in and fight the battle and leave with a victory you know?  I mean 

Yeah, but even when I listen to the criticism and I'm feeling the same way it's like what's he gonna do? What can we do at this point? We can't just take those people and up and leave. It's going to be mayhem there.

The place is destroyed. You know but on another side there's people's sons and husbands and you know whatever and people have daughters dying over there for, for you're thinking for what? How is this gonna change if nothing has changed in these years we've been there then what's going on? I mean 

Right

Right, so I don't even know what I mean obviously I'm not a President and I don't know all the things he knows, but even listening I don't know what he's gonna say to me because I don't know

To advise I mean I don't even know what to say to think about this because I don't know what the best thing to do is who does?

Right
And then listening to to my Dad talk about the Vietnam War it's very similar the stories he was just like at some point we were just over there like what are we doing, you know? and he's like these people are asking me to fight every day for my life and to do things for something that I don't even know what's going on how do you ask 18 to I don't know to you know how do you ask kids and you know adult men to do that when they don't know what they're fighting for and they're risking their lives it's not small matters

Right

To be honest with you, I did the just war theory I learned that in religion like as soon as we got into the war like a month later my teacher's like we're gonna take a break from learning about the Old Testament we're gonna do this and we were like ok so we did it then and didn't even at the time I don't think more than four or so matched so I mean less than that the same amount of numbers didn't match up I mean even that was years ago that was a couple ya know I was in high school that was at least three years I don't know what year it was I'd say at least two to three years ago and we've been over there for an extra two to three years since then it's just 'it didn't make sense to me then it doesn't you know same with you doing it know

Right
 
Right but do you I mean what were the what were the reasons in the beginning I mean, that you guys can remember, for going into Iraq? Like weapons of mass destruction, Saddam Hussein

I mean that's not very clear. That would be nice, but that's just

Right, right

I think that was somewhat involved in the objectives.

I think it had more to do with prices. You know and making money within the United States at the time. I mean just think about how much like right after Katrina that week after it was like how much did it go up? Like 50 cents or something ridiculous? Remember over night like people were going to the gas stations? I remember my Mom like woke up and went and got gas in the middle of the night and I was like what are you doing? It was just you know outrageous and to take a situation like this what a good time to pump the gas prices up and it has and we've all been hurting from it for a while now so I think that was that seemed to me to be an objective of some sorts
Yeah, yeah it's true.

Definitely which is disgusting because it's oil

Something to keep in mind is they're never gonna well I shouldn't say never but I can't foresee them developing anything that we can make in our homes I mean vegetable oil you know something that the government can't make money on

I think they're hesitant to do that though.
Yeah, I didn't even know that.

I don't know.

I mean that's definitely a possibility.

They're a definite threat that's a problem that's definitely gonna happen soon which is another reason why I feel like we're wasting time in Iraq ya know? like that's a huge problem I agree with him so

It's just so he's supposed to be he's the person we chose to speak somewhat truthfully to us, and ya know and he sits there every time that he has a speech and he's just like this is great, this is the best war we've ever been involved with ya know he seems to just act as if he doesn't hear any bad things or 

Like ya know like we have no idea what's going on and it's like ya know World War II and we're just all behind the country it's just it's not like that and I think it's so it's making people obviously his ratings are way down it's making people strongly dislike the fact that he's talking to us like we know nothing

Huh I have no idea I mean 

And I think that maybe at this point, he knows that there's an election coming up he's almost done he's just, I'm not gonna do anything with this this is just gonna stay here and I'm gonna let somebody else deal with it cause ya know at this point if he were to pull everybody out of that there'd be such a mess over there his 

He would look terrible.

Not the entire country most

I mean, but it could end really badly maybe not right away but for us you know it's just gonna turn into a worse situation than when we went over there if we leave 

Yeah

And he has people behind the scenes you know acclaimed war people telling him you know um generals and such telling him ya know what to do so we don't even hear of them we just hear what he has to say and he has people telling him what to do and he has America you know his ratings going down and he you know is experiencing pressure from so many places and these people might be telling him this is great we're accomplishing great things over here we're doing the right thing here, you know, George, and he's hearing us say you know we hate you and we want them out now it's not never an easy thing or an easy decision to make but, um 

They always do.

Yeah

But like we're saying what he should be doing as in taking them out, but I don't think that even though I think the war's gone on too long and it's the wrong thing and I don't think bringing them back right now you know just get out of there, get on the bus, come home, grab a plane I don't think that's the right thing to do because it would just be just a shit hole over there

And plus at this point he can't make any rash decisions you can't afford it and human lives over there can't afford it and Americans can't so it's just I think that even if he didn't have an election coming up he can't make any decisions right this month during this until elections I don't think he can make any decisions until then necessarily

I mean I don't have anything unique to say. I feel the same way as a lot of people in America, but um ya


