And it's not synthetically laced as cocaine

And the long-term effects of drinking are much more severe

Than um 

Yeah, it's known to destroy families um you know people have killed people under extreme influence people do you know

Yeah, how many murders have been caused by you know the dealing of drugs but, that's a reason why legalizing it might cut down on that sort of violence you know maybe drugs could be handled in a um you know there wouldn't be so many deaths caused on the streets because of it

Definitely medicinal though.

One hundred percent

If marijuana didn't exist at all people would still with cocaine and you know heroin

People would still be doing drugs, so I you know the people that make the choices there are numerous there are unbelievable amounts of people who have tried marijuana even done it throughout college throughout their lives and have never touched anything else I can't tell you how many countless friends I have that have you know tried marijuana that's you know they do it on a regular basis and would not come in the same room as cocaine or heroin any of those things would not come near it you know? so I don't really think it's like you try it and then the next step is this, and you know getting into weed that you're going to be eventually going into heroin at all

It's not a promise gateway drug. It's a person's choice to make it a gateway drug I think and I always felt even when I learned about it and you know when you're younger and you have to take that course in school that says drugs is bad as the name of the chapter I just felt like you know when it listed the other things I was like this stuff was really bad, but with marijuana always kind of seemed like bull crap to you know it makes you not think so smart like, really? just didn't seem as troubling

Right, and its effects are long-term are very similar to that of cigarettes you know the

Right, I mean you run a lot of risks, and you know but, if we had the choice to smoke cigarettes why do we not have that same choice to smoke marijuana?

Oh my God.

And they have you know tar I mean so many carcinogens

Right, and that's allowed at 18, not even 21 so
With the deflated kid

Yeah, cause he's just so lazy. Like I mean and the same rules apply you don't go to work drunk you can't go to work high, and that applies whether it's legal or illegal you don't do it

Absolutely

It's hard people who are true alcoholics 

Drink I mean it's the truth I mean

Right, I mean 

My for example, my grandfather was an alcoholic my Dad said it was weird when he was sober he said one of the times in his life was my aunt's wedding and it was weird because he didn't drink that day because he didn't think he was supposed to and he acted weird you know wasn't him

Because it's available to them now.
 
People do three packs a day.

Right 

Oh, my gosh.

I believe it's 40% have either tried it on one occasion or at some point in their life.

I think they'll definitely be more people willing to try it, if it is legal definitely I think that there is there are a lot of people that are skeeved out only because it's illegal I do believe that, but I don't think it's gonna be something that's 

Um you had said there were three people in your discussion group that were not for it?

Your chat group what did they say? I'm interested.

Do you remember?

No, I didn't hear that.

I don't think that's a bad idea. I mean, if it's leading to situations where you have a huge house party for marijuana and there's people you're being loud, the same disturbances as involved in alcohol if you're having a small get-together just drink alcohol and I mean you don't get in trouble for that why can't you have a small get-together and smoke weed? [Laughter] I mean it just doesn't you know, but if you're causing an uproar you should be fined for that you know regardless of what the if you're causing an uproar completely sober not drinking not smoking you should be fined for that I mean right?

Oh, I don't know. 

For smoking something that's natural and you know it's just it seems completely
 
Umm we didn't really talk about medicinal purposes that much um

Yes, that too.

Settles your stomach 
.
I mean people have to live with um terminal diseases

Realistically, that could never happen you know there's some drugs you know people do die regularly you know not regularly but you know what I mean from the use of those drugs it's on a completely different level and I think that even drug users know that 

Yeah, I don't know. I'm sure
Yeah, I'm sure people have died from it.

You hear that so much more often than using marijuana.

But, it's interesting because you know that if they're trying to not legalize it they would make a big deal out of every instance where marijuana led to a death or you know led to somebody doing something really stupid you know what I mean? you'd think that they would make a big deal out of it the government would be like this is why you know? but the government I think

Right, I feel like they would put that on the front page and make sure everybody ready it and got a newsletter about it.

Yup, but I also think it's you know one of those situations where the government feels like their hands are tied they're not gonna do anything about it you know it's

Right, and they're more than aware of how many people would do it and experiment, and try it you know what goes on with it at college I think there's even people that would turn their backs to it because they know it's irrelevant you know

And, plus they're gonna be so nervous to do it because they're probably gonna it's gonna be hard for them to tax something that has been untaxed for this long and illegal they can't just be like well ok and now that people use marijuana for now it might go up a lot in price if it's legalized so it might continue to be illegally distributed um, which is gonna create a problem and the government's gonna be like, we did this, we legalized it now what's going on you know? they're not gonna be able to just legalize anything they're not gonna make money on

That's probably the 

That's probably the number one reason.

For [inaudible] why am I gonna buy it for seventy because the government said it's ok

Right cause they're gonna make more money you know if you have this great government store that sells it for significant amounts more

Love that um

Well I mean when I've I've discussed the topic with my Mom and she just her favorite line is just it was just different back then literally, cops turned their backs to it they were doing it too I mean 

So widespread um

Right, as more problems come out

Or maybe it's that that's gotten us to this point the fact that it was so lax it just kept escalating and new drugs were coming out and

Cause alcohol was all the rage back then.

Right, the time after.

Yeah

Speculation
