I don't even know if I I mean I agree with you, but then even as far as if it is your choice what is

What's the difference? How's it hurting the government if it's just a choice? If you're living a ok if you have two men who live very, very comparable lives um you know both very good people both have their jobs both you know one's gay by choice and one's just you know straight what's the difference how's this guy hurting why should he not have the right to spend his life legally with someone else?

Well, if it's a choice I don't understand why I don't even know what what choice? I mean it's like ok I do like girls but I have to choose I want to choose to be gay it doesn't make sense

They can't get married anyways you have to have your parents consent, don't you? if you're under like 16 or 17

I don't think that's ever gonna be an issue I really don't I mean would you uh naturally in you know the normal state a woman is attracted to a man and a man is attracted to a woman you're not gonna I think it's very in a confused, young state where you're just getting used to your sexuality and even if you just get into that in your twenties doesn't mean your necessarily going to get into a marriage based on that choice you know putting aside like I can't imagine myself ever being with a woman you know what I mean? I wouldn't be choice or even knowing I have that choice not gonna be my choice so I don't think that it would change that much Do you know what I mean?

No, I think that's a slap in face.

I think it's much more a moral issue.

I mean, it's more of a you know religious based issue. I was thinking about this when we were when I was having my chat it's much more of a moral issue and why if this is a country that's free to have every religion why not gay marriage it doesn't make sense to me

Right it doesn't make sense that you have to go through a lot of money things you can't keep your money together

And off of um what what you said about the stability of a mother and father um  well me personal views on that is you know I'm going to have a husband and I believe that a family for me would be a husband and a wife I baby-sit for a lesbian couple when I was a child in my community home I know there's two males who have three children they're raising and the children just wonderful I mean really good kids like all of them not that you know they're just normal kids they don't seem to have any problems you know and I think in a place where we have children who grow up in you know their parents beat them or their parents are alcoholics that's a lot more you know why are they allowed to have their kids and not 

But, I think it's just as loving with two fathers or two mothers as it would be with a father and a mother. It's different, granted but there's so many other things in this society that are different

There's artificial insemination.

Well, what about people for example, my sister's roommate freshman year um her mother and father split up because the Dad was gay and it was discovered when she was like six and he finally said I'm gay, I've been lying, you know this is what's going on he remarried has you know him and his partner adopted a child they mother remarried so she has quite a family or you know situation she wasn't she's not gay she didn't get the gene you know so not necessarily it can't be reproduced it's not like it's gonna skip a generation she's gonna have a son. And he's definitely gonna be gay you know what I mean? like

But, it's not like it's a disease.

I don't know. Is that a right? Is that something that we're supposed to be moving towards? You know, is that why it's a genetic thing? I don't know.
 
It's been happening for centuries.

Yeah, one of my best friends at home turned out to be gay and I felt as if I was waiting for years for him to just it comes a time

He always wanted to I mean as a child he was just very interested we met when I was four years old very interested in playing with my dolls and you know did dress up with me I mean honestly that was a true situation we he would play princess with me and you know what I mean and all these different things and my mom you know discussed it before he even came out  you know she was like well he did and she said all these things and I was like you're right he had to come over for all these things and we played tea parties and stuff it kinda made sense, and I know for a fact that his father didn't teach him that you know to be gay or whatever and his Mom didn't

Yeah, I mean at home his dad was always like 

Yeah, I mean it wasn't like you know he always seemed more interested almost to the point where he was more interested than you know like really we can't play soccer today?

Yeah you know it's

Overcome

But, I think maybe that's a factor in why they're not legalizing it. They're just keeping people comfortable with their insecurities about you knowand there's very many people who are just uncomfortable about gay you

And in my Understanding Lit. class we just read the screenplay for American Beauty and um I don't know if anyone has seen the movie, but this the father has a son who is just he has neighbors who are gay and he's keeps excuse me for saying this these fags and he keeps really just letting and they parade around here like it's their right to do so and he's just very, very um hateful and in the end we find out that he was homosexual um you know he felt that way

What he he never act he didn't think that he was supposed to act on it so that's when he got his son and he you better not act like a faggot excuse me again um but he says these things these hateful things and really it's just his own hatred for the way he turned out or was born or whatever reason

Um  played out in other people so I think that happens a lot

It's your natural reaction.

And I think that even there's many gay people who understand you know the don't push it in people's face you know they don't say you know this is you know they don't push it in your face they don't

Call them their lovers they're this is a partner that we live with

I'm not that touchy-feely.

Nobody likes that 

Yeah um  I think also this um non-acceptance by our government leads to I mean there's people who commit suicide over this because they feel unaccepted you know my friend that I was talking about with the doll that was younger had depression and you know felt like he let his family down you know his father went through so many hard times because of it when in reality if it was just an accepted thing it's not his choice so I mean if he thought he was allowed to do it, maybe he wouldn't have gone through all that terrible stuff if you know or people that

I just think I just think it's a complete disrespectful gesture from our country that allows so many things and so many rights you know to some extent to not allow these people to do the things that we do you know get in front of obviously it means something to get in front of the people you love and you know say I love this person and your I do's whatever so why should we say that that group of people doesn't have that same right just seems absurd to me

Um  another thing is that maybe there's been not threats, but promises from the church and you know not such good um you know they're not gonna be like we're gonna stand behind you you know the United States government, if they legalize it which could be a big issue cause I think that that might out the church and government at odds you know they might say this is one of the largest issues in our church right now and you're gonna go ahead and legalize it? So that might be something keeping

Yeah

Yup

