Right um  at my school there was a situation that even went in high school um  as far as somebody said something I don't know the details it was probably pretty bad, but something mean about another girl on their Myspace and they ended up getting suspended for it um it wasn't a death threat or anything of that nature um  I guess it was some sort of slander or something of that nature, but um  so I don't know if that is necessarily appropriate you know preventing a school shooting is one thing, but to say something mean about somebody in writing then can you get in trouble every time you do that? I don't know doesn't seem right to me

Yeah, that's what that's what it was I don't know I just don't know if I agree with you know I don't personally have one and that's why you know somebody has complete access to everything you say, and I don't you know you don't want that, but um I don't know if they should have the rig tot just look on every person's and everything you say if you use a swear word on Myspace are you gonna start getting in trouble at school? or if you do you know

I believe they sorry I didn't mean to cut you off

I believe they changed the privacy setting so that you could make it so that only the people you're friends with can see, however a lot of people still have um you know you can just literally type Myspace dot com slash that person's name if you know it and get you know everything minus maybe their pictures or something like that but I think um even if you have a Myspace you can see anybody's right?

So, you don't even have to be friends with them.

That's just ridiculous in its own way.
 
Absolutely

Well, a lot of sorry, go ahead

From what I understand um at Loyola they have um people in the student association or something like that, have access to Facebook unless you have a certain like nobody can see my profile unless they're friends with me um  you know so that you couldn't see a picture or you couldn't see anything but their name and their year um but there's people who have gotten in trouble at Loyola can't quote me on that, but for having things in their Facebook profile so

However, I bet you people really don't use that one anymore.

Yup

Right
 
Depends on your network and who 

Well, I think that in in the workplace, I know that you do represent you know your work community, but I do feel that when you are in as long as you're not coming to work you know drunk or publicly slandering the company or you know acting out of line at work if you perform our job accordingly and um you're above the age of 21 it's like what more do you want from me?

Like, I don't think you should be you can't be doing anything like be a rapist or anything

You know that's that's gonna be a problem [laughter]

I mean, but drinking wise

Um, but otherwise I don't think that it's appropriate for them to use it against an employee.

Because if they hire you 

Wait, what?

I mean, yeah, but how what is you're not stealing from the company you know are you? is that what you're I don't know what you mean

Oh, ok I don't know I don't think that 

Right
 
Well um 

I'm I'm not sure to be honest with you I think that it's necessary to do some screening, but what is listening or taping my phone conversations helping you know I meant can't they establish a place for you know to see if mainstream terrorists are using a phone or you know using the internet like what does reading my emails from my Mom or talking to my friend on the phone helping them? It just kind of skeeves you out to know somebody could be listening or taping.

I just don't understand how it works.

Right, which is what I I mean when I hear when I think about it I just it's so like big brother just like somebody watching what you do reading your emails, listening to you on the phone even if it is

It's just that in the United States, I feel that we we have our rights, and one of them is privacy, and I I think as my understanding of privacy we're supposed to have complete right to talk as we please you know why should the up and coming technology mean that they get to listen to our business even if even if they're not literally you know listening to what we're saying laughing about you know if I'm talking to someone and wanted to say something embarrassing I realize it's nto to that extent, but if our right is to have privacy, why should that be expended at this? And, I feel like there wasn't enough explanation along with the terrorist along with the [inaudible] you know it was just here it is
I'm all for protection.
