I am a practicing member of the Catholic Church.  I go to Mass every Sunday, I pray, I believe I am a faithful person.  This does not mean, however, that I agree with everything the Church lives out its beliefs in the 21st century.  The times have changed since even the 1960s, when women could not even go to Mass without covering their head.  The Church needs to change with the times because after all, the Church is for the people and it should therefore relate to the people.

There are several changes I think the Church should make in order to reach more people of today.  First, priests should be permitted to be married.  Priests, in addition to ministering the sacraments, offer guidance to the congregation in their faith lives.  So many times, people go to their priest seeking help in a struggling marriage or relationship.  I don't understand how a priest can give helpful advice to a married person, or even someone in a romantic relationship, having no experience themselves.  If priests were allowed to be married, they could truly understand the suffering of who they counsel and offer personal experience, advice, and guidance that would be more applicable.  This in turn, would create a stronger sense of community within the parish.

I also believe the Pope needs to become less authoritative and more open to uniting the Church, not only in faith, but in practice.  Catholicism too easily gets caught up in the "rules" of the Church--what they can't do.  Rather, we need to focus on what we can do.  I think the Church is sometimes very narrow-minded to diversity.  While issues such as premarital sex, abortion, and homosexuality are so controversial, I think there cannot be one straightforward condemnation from the Pope which must be followed or else you are not Catholic in the papal sense.  Every situation is different and the Church, while they say they appreciate and want diversity, does not reflect this attitude towards it.

Another change that should be made is allowing women to be priests.  Women today are so powerful and have so many good things to say.  If women could be priests to, it would only help the Church broaden its attitude of universality.  Women would offer a unique perspective to the holy ordered ministry that would be refreshing and make the Church more approachable to people who are intimidated by its sometimes staunch rules.

If the Catholic Church was able to branch out and keep an open mind, the recent persecutions of priests as pedophiles would not be so damaging.  The disgusting actions of several priests has ruined the entire reputation of the cloth.  But if the Church responded in a proactive way, such as allowing priests to be married, the public and the followers of the Church would see that Catholicism recognizes its shortcomings and wants to change in order to serve the people.
