As an establishment that has been around for so many years, the Catholic Church is sometimes criticized for being outdated and archaic.  Being around for almost 2000 years now, it may be said that the Church is set in its ways and not adaptive to change.  To continue to thrive as a foundation for the faith of so many people, as well as a guiding hand along the way, the Church must adapt to the life of the current time, in this case the 21st Century. 
    It is of significance importance that the Catholic Church does not change its core teachings and beliefs in any way.  The Church is built on a number of important principles, and changing these would change the entire image of the Church itself.  What is important, however, is that the Church stays current in situations where it would benefit its members.  The basic laws of the Church were established about 2000 years ago, in a time that was much different that ours, and have been passed down with much to the world we have today.  The Church needs to always be there for the people with issues and questions that they may have, and to do so, it is the responsibility of the Church to explore all options.  An example of this is the often clashing opinions of the Church and science.  Back when the Church was established, science was not at the forefront of things like it is today, and it was often looked down upon.  With such amazing advances in all kinds of technology now, science continues to prove many things we thought could never be explained.  The current Church needs to adapt a little more to work with science, and not against it.  The Church speaks against many dna replication and stem cell use, but one day in the near future these procedures could save many lives.  The Church needs to do a better job of looking into these types of issues and realizing what is the best for the world and its members.  Another issue that the Church may need to explore a little more is that of homosexuality.  Although it is looked down upon in the Bible, suprisingly  it is not even mentioned in the gospels or brought up by Jesus in any teachings.  Jesus was one to embrace the outcast, and I think the Church needs to do a better job of that in this case.  When the old testament teachings against homosexuality were written, there were also laws written in the Bible about the certain stitching of clothing allowed to be worn.  What I am saying is that it is the core values that are important, and just because something was spoken out against thousands of years ago doesn't mean we can't be more accepting now.
    As far as the whole Church scandal with pedophilia goes, I think this is blow a little out of proportion just because it is the Church.  Granted, these men who committed the crimes are criminals and should not be given any exemption, they are just ordinary men and not some supernatural people who are perfect and don't sin.  A smaller percentage of priests commit these acts than the rest of the general public, which should probably be expected.  I do not think that priesthood should be looked at as a corrupt and scandalous organization because of a few bad people.  I do not think that having women priests or allowing priests to marry would have prevented the situation because we would have just had more priests.  The bad ones still would have done their acts.

