The war in Iraq never should have happened.  It was started and continued under a lie-- first, that it was related to the terrorist attacks on 9/11, and second, that there were weapons of mass destruction present.  As for the WMD claims, we all remember how that search came up completely blank.  For 9/11, there are gaping holes even in the official 9/11 congressional commission report.  Of the names given of the hijackers, supposedly on suicide missions, most are still alive.  One would think that if these men
were so hellbent on receiving their 72 virgins, they would have made sure that they died-- if they were the hijackers at all.  Several reports of the damage done, such as in Pennsylvania or at the Pentagon (including seismographic records), are more consistent with damage done by missiles, not an airplane crash.  There are so many details that simply don't add up, in either case.  Yet these are the two given reasons for attacking Iraq in the first place.  And, of course, especially the 9/11 attacks have been so completely tied to emotional responses that even bringing up any hint that not everything happened as the government said it did, is enough for a literal slap in the face, being called "unamerican", or even branded as a "terrorist" myself.
    Also, bringing democracy to Iraq is completely ridiculous and will fail if it continues in the way in which it has already been started.  The US's democracy works firstly because it is a representative democracy, and secondly, because it has the system of checks and balances between the three branches of government.  The democracy being set up in Iraq is doomed to fail, because the other two corresponding branches are being
completely ignored.  The system of checks and balances is what ensures that even if a tyrant came to power in the US, he or she would not stay there.  There is no such safeguard in Iraq, and brings to mind the so-called "elections" where the only name on the ballot is that of the dictator.
    The war is based on lies.  The incredibly brave men and women in Iraq are dying because of these lies.  There is no other word for this war-- it is purely stupid.  It should never have started-- it has most certainly gone on more than long enough.

