Discrimination of any sort is a problem-- gender especially so.  Barbie dolls and matchbox cars are still branded as the "girls' toy" and the "boys' toy" in Happy Meals; the traditional gender roles of the male breadwinner and female homemaker are still well-established at a very, very young age.  The real changes to be made in attaining equality for everyone really are in how we educate our children-- it's much easier to catch misogynism when young than someone who has had fifty years of practicing it.  Even though progress is being made, discrimination is still clearly visible in comparing pay for jobs where the only difference is the gender of the employee, and the so-called "glass ceiling".
    However, overcompensating against discrimination is just as much of a problem-- if a man and a woman apply for a job in a male-dominated field, the chances are that the woman would be more likely to be hired than the man, even if he is more qualified, simply because the business doesn't want to be accused of sexual discrimination.  Sexual harassment or even rape occurs to men just as well as women; it's just not reported as often, because the men don't think that it's possible.
    Discrimination of any sort is such a touchy subject, though, because a lot of times, people are just looking for a hot-button issue to lay claim to as an excuse for not doing their work.  For every instance of true discrimination, there's several of a fake victim using it as an excuse for a lawsuit.  Sure, the employee never went to work on time, and turned in sub-par work, but they were REALLY fired because of their gender!  The worst part is that if you have a good enough lawyer, you'll win that case. Though even that is changing.. more and more judges and juries are throwing out ridiculous lawsuits.  So, perhaps there will actually be a better evaluation and realization of discrimination once this comes to pass.
    However, gender discrimination really is still an issue.  Though great strides have been made since women's suffrage, there's still a lot to be overcome in the preconceptions that people hold-- and those can only be changed if we change the way we teach our children.

