There is something about the Catholic Church doctrine that very few people know about called the "primacy of conscience".  It basically states that if you are a member of the Church, and find a teaching that you disagree with, you should examine that teaching-- think about it, pray about it, reflect on it.  And, after all this, if your conscience still is in disagreement with the Church's teaching, you are _obligated_ to obey your conscience over the Church.  This is a sort of built-in mechanism for enacting change-- the Church is more than just the Pope in Rome-- it is the people who belong to the Church.  And when enough people believe something and make their voices heard, the Church responds to this.  A prime example of this is Vatican II.  So many changes were made in this council because times were changing, and the Church responded.  So, while I do not necessarily think that there is at present the need for such drastic change again, I do believe that change is happening, and that it is not such a way that it can easily be dismissed.
     Regarding the accusations against Catholic priests dealing with pedophilia, I do not believe that they could have been prevented if the Church allowed female priests or married priests.  Females can be pedophiles as well; so can married men.  A pedophile is someone with an addiction who will find a road to acquire their object of desire—whether it is to be an elementary school teacher, or an entertainer, or a member of a religious order.  Having both female and male teachers, in addition to married teachers, doesn't change the fact that there are still cases of pedophilic teachers molesting their students.
     In my view, correlating the two is an example of using something completely unrelated to further your cause.  People have been pushing for married priests and female priests for years.  Any fault in the Church that can be exploited and manipulated to where it proves the point of these advocates of female or married priests (if these advocates are die-hard enough), they will use.  It's also an example of a loud minority-- while a pretty good percentage of current Catholics would probably be in favour (or at least not opposed) to the idea of female or married priests, I would not say that that same percentage of people would agree that there is a direct correlation between single, male priests, and pedophilic priests.  However, the minority have the most radical message and are the most vehement about it-- thus, their preferences and beliefs will be heard over those of the quiet majority, and be perceived instead as those of the minority.
   Basically, I do think that the Church is changing-- but that some changes aren't the panaceas that they are made out to be.

