The argument dealing with privacy issues bears down on two fundamental topics:  the medium of communication and the content of the communication. In this case the medium, myspace, was a publically accessible website and the content was life-threatening.  With such a combination it is very hard to create an argument supporting privacy rights for thsi situation.

If the medium for this communication had been through a private phone line or an e-mail, that part of the argument would have been much more controversial and easier to offend for privacy issues.  If people intend their message to only reach one or a selected other number of individuals such as in a phone conversation or e-mail, then they have a degree of right to privacy.  If, however, they post their message on the world wide web on a site that billions of people have easy access to, then they are only ignorant if they believe they have any sort of privacy rights.  Their message is easily viewable and it is completey their responsibility because they made it viewable to the general public.

If the content of the information has to do with a prank or plans to hang out with friends on a Friday evening, then privacy right are certainly being broken.  If the purpose of seeking out this information is of such an informal purpose as one of the examples aforementioned, then privacy has been broken.  We, as a society, need to find some sort of boundary between simply prying in to others' lives and actually seeking out useful and pertinent information.  Since the information in the case had to deal with human safety and a threat to other lives, it was certainly pertinent information to seek out.  The society and its laws has been put in to place in order to protect its citizens, and certainly privacy laws are no different.  So privacy laws must be defined on these two principles of medium and content where if the medium is not intended to be private and the content is absolutely pertinent to the safety of human beings, then the law would support that pursuit by law officials.

