The side that has banned gay marriage is wrong for many reasons.  Governments originally came to be to protect man and enforce a basic set of moral laws so that safety could florish.  The governments today, waging such issues as gay marriage, have long since over-stepped their bounds.  Marriage, no matter what, is characterized by love and if two human beings, regardless of gender, love each other then the marriage is one hundred percent justified.  The government should have a role in protecting its citizens but this is a case of impedance where the government is taking away that right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.

If the Church wishes to ban that marriage, so be it, their views are very much outdated as it is.  There is no reason that a society should ban a legal bond between two gay spouses because they have every right as human beings to pursue a life that they see fit.  Of all sectors of the government, the Federal government is the last one who should step in if the government should even be able to ban such a thing.  To say that an entire country of people, billions of people, can not legally be in love in this territory is completely close-minded and stands against all this country was founded on.  The United States has come to stand for a place where people can be themselves and live a life of freedom; and here is George Bush trying to take all of those promises of this great country away from the citizens.

Furthermore, there has been scientific data showing that people with homosexual tendencies are born with those tendencies.  To try and govern something so natural, something people are born with in their genetic coding, is unnatural and unjustified.  We do not ban people with disabilities from part of society just because they were born that way.  Each and every person in this country and on this planet is unique and was born with unique traits and characteristics.  A government filled with conservative, like-minded, and ignorant people should not have the ability to make something illegal when it is part of an individual's genetic make-up and personal choice.

