To an extent, I believe the city of Denver is justified in its actions.  The legalization of marijuana, while not necessarily a positive for humans, is not the worst of negatives pertaining to human health.  Marijuana is not that far off from other drugs such as alochol and cigarettes in its effects.  When taken in moderation it is certainly equal to, if not less, harmful to humans than cigarettes.  Typically cigarette users smoke multiple cigarettes daily and this amount of intake of the various chemicals and carcinogens is far more dangerous than the occassional use of marijuana.  Marijuana is typically used less, most likely due to its more powerful effects in terms of pleasure as well as cost per unit.  The type of health effects from marijuana are also not that far off from those of alcohol, both in the short and long term.  The large difference between cigarettes, alcohol, and marijuana is that society is used to marijuana being illegal and the other two not.  It does not seem right for it to be legalized because it is a change which does not come easy to humans.

Marijuana, just like the other two, has a level of moderation that causes very little effects to the human health.  Certainly if a person has several packs of cigarettes every day or even every week they are bound to have harmful health conditions.  The same applies to alcohol:  if a person increases their blood alcohol content excessively high, there will be definite short term illness and/or impairments as well as those long term if this type of action was periodic.  Marijuana is no differnt, there is a level of moderation where it can be considered to have little harm to humans.  Hopefully this is part of the reason the city of Denver legalized the sale of marijuana in small amounts, and hopefully there is also a way to regulate the amount of purchases for any one person.

Finally, the sale of marijuana in small amounts can also be good for the economy and the city from a social aspect.  The economy will get a boost because the majority of the black market sales of marijuana will become legal and thus taxable so the city and state can make additional income.  Also the illegal black market transactions will reduce the amount of violence to some degree because there will not necessarily have to be dangerous transactions in order to acquire the substance.
