Gender discrimination is still an issue in the present-day United States.  The reason that it is much more so a question these days is because it is not as readily apparent and the trend has been steadily decreasing.  ECONOMY/SOCIETY CRIMEDiscrimination based on gender existed for many centuries before modern day society and that type of culture and thinking is embedded in to the thinking of the people.  Such a change from complete discrimination to none at all could not occur over night.  I believe this is the problem that we still see today, a left-over from the thinkin of the past.  There has been a great deal more of awareness made about the issue and I believe the mindset with which children are raised is beginning to be a lot more enlightening and open to diversity so that such issues will work themselves out of the culture within generations.

The business world is one of the major areas where sexual discrimination has been historically embedded, and because of that some of the left-over discrimination still exists.  The stereotype of good business relies on linguistic and communicational styles that are found inherently in man because business came to be in a world where men conquered that aspect will women stayed at home taking care of the home and children.  Today businesses are beginning to shift this mindset so that they are open to women and other diverse groups in the workplace.  They are beginning to see how strong business characteristics are inherent in women, they simply do not show them or express them in a similar manner so that males do not readily pick up on them.

Certainly men, just like any other group with a unifying characteristic, are discriminated against.  It would be hard to argue that any given group has never been discriminated against.  There are certain aspects of society that men are kept out of as well as women.  The only difference is that our political and business systems make up a majority of the public eye and this is where gender discrimination in favor of men has historically taken place.

