I am ashamed to say that I know very little about the situation with the war in Iraq.  I don't really follow politics that much and am not very in tune with what the current situation is.  My thoughts on this topic will have to relate more to the events of Septemeber 11th and how that lead to the war in Iraq.  After our nation was attacked, and we started the war in Afghanistan, I felt that that war was justified (or at least justified as much as you can justify war, which is a whole other issue). The facts were that we were attacked and we were waging war in Afghanistan in an effort to find the people responsbible for attacking us.  It would have been very strange for us NOT to have had some sort of a response to such a major attack.  However, it gets somewhat more tricky when we move to talking about the war in Afghanistan to the war in Iraq.  I will try to explain my views as best as possible.  After the events of September 11th, we were really on the watch about other possible terrorist attacks or attacks of any other kind on the United States.  So when ideas surfaced that Saddam Hussein might have biological weapons in Iraq, naturally our attention was aroused.  However, with the whole issue of Saddam not allowing United Nations officials to search Iraq, the issue became even trickier.  We were very nervous that Iraq was lying and the fact that they refused to let UN officials search made us even more suspicious.  So naturally,we wanted to find out for sure.  But we did not have permission from the UN to wage war.  I think that one of the points of an instituion like the United Nations is to prevent such situations from escalating into war. However (and I am a little unsure about the chain of events that took place here) I think that what happened was that time was starting to run out.  It was taking so long to gain approval from the UN and it began to look like we wouldn't get the approval after all.  Then, we were afraid that if there really were weapons of mass destruction that Iraq was hiding, we could be setting up our country for disaster if we did not do something about it.  So we have on our hands a very difficult decision.  I know that this is the point where many people bring up the issue of oil and say that Bush only wanted to go into Iraq to get oil.  But we ARE in Iraq now and have we really gotten oil out of the situation??  Anyway, think of what would have happened if we had NOT gone into Iraq, and then it turned out that Saddam had weapons that he then used on the United States.  Imagine if we had not done anything about it and had just sat back waiting to be attacked? Now, the situation over in Iraq is difficult as well.  By going in and removing whatever form of leadership and government existed, we have completely taken away any form of a political structure.  The citizens of Iraq were living under horrible conditions, so in many ways, we are making their lives better.  But now, it is a big mess over there.  I think that it is up to us, since we were the ones that went in an took out their political stucture, to stay there to finish out what we have started.  We started the mess by going into Iraq in the first place, so it is thus our responsibility to finish it and make sure that everything gets cleaned up. At the same time though, enough American lives have been lost already and I would hope to see more troops coming home and the United States finishing up its business in Iraq as soon as possible.

