I do feel that the Catholic Church needs to change some of its ways to adapt to life in the 21st century.  Most of the "rules" that are stated in the Catechism of the Catholic Church were created years and years ago.  Many of them are now outdated.  Times have changed and things are not as they used to be.  Also, mostly the rules that were set forth were created by church officials.  They are not these all-powerful laws commanded by God; they were created by a political institution.  For the church not to change simply means that it is losing more followers. In today's world, it is difficult to follow strictly to every single rule set forth by the Catholic Church.  I feel that many people thus adopt an "all or nothing" approach:  if they don't feel that they will be able to stictly adhere to every rule, they will just not be a part of the Church.  This is really harmful to the Church.  Today's young people are growing up earlier than the youth of past generations.  That means that they face issues such as whether or not to engage in premarital sex, etc, at an earlier age than past generations.  These issues thus become more prevalent. I have gone to Catholic school my entire life.  I know MANY people who are baptized Catholic, but I know
very few people my age who truly believe in everything that the Catholic Church believes in.  With such highly debated issues as abortion, stem cell research and the use of contraceptives, there are more and more ways for people to have differing opinions.  People don't want to just be forced to accept and believe a certain philosophy because "that's what the Church says".  I think that by the Church not relaxing its views at least somewhat, it is losing touch with today's youth.  This is not to say however, that the Church should just forget about everything that it stands for.  We still need to promote morality, but some of the "rules" of the church are much harder to abide by in today's world than, say, a century ago.  We must remember that a just few centuries ago, the Catholic Church was a major political instituion in Europe.  So, many of the laws that were set forth were put in place by political officials who were interested in furthering the Church's political motives, not necessarily in enriching the lives of believers.  The Church has seen many corrupt leaders, and we should not be forced to still abide by laws that were put into effect by people who had only money in mind. As for the issue of pedophilia by priests of today, I do think that some of this could have been prevented had the Church relaxed some of its laws regarding entry into the priesthood.  For example, many of the men who were accused of pedophilia are around the age where they entered the priesthood a couple of decades ago.  Even since then, the times have changed and it has become more socially acceptable for people to be open about their homosexuality.  But back when these men entered the priesthood, even if they  knew that they were gay, it was not really socially acceptable for them to make this announcement.  But they would not want to get married to a woman, because were homosexual. So, since it would be somewhat strange for a man to not get married, man of these gay men saw the Church as a safe haven.  It was a place where they could live with other men.  I am not saying that all priests are gay, but I do believe that a good number of them are.  I am also not saying that all priests or all gay priests will thus become pedophiles, but I think that many of the men, as a result of their positions as priests, were put into situations which would be very tempting to them. I think that priests should be allowed to marry.  Yes, I know that an argument given by the Church is that Jesus was not married, so priests should not marry either, but there is new evidence coming out that it actually is possible that Jesus was married.  Regardless of whether or not this is true, however, I still think that priests should be able to marry. If priests were married, they would be able to better relate to a good part of the congregation.  Also, the numbers are decreasing of the number of men entering the priesthood, and I think that an excellent way to bring these numbers back up would be to allow priests to marry.
