I do not think that marijuana should be legalized.  I don't really have a good reason why, but I just don't like the idea of the government legalizing a way for people to get high.  I think that it is particularly strange that just one city, Denver, has legalized marijuana.  This makes things even trickier.  For example, it just seems weird to me that you would be allowed to smoke in Denver, but not in the next town over.  It's not even that marijuana is legal in the state of Colorado, but only in one city.  That is just weird to me.   And how can we be sure that we are keeping this under control?  How can the government regulate whether or not the marijuana is really being brought to Denver.  Let's say there is some shipment or something that was coming from Mexico and was headed for Denver.  What's to say that the marijuana isn't going to be brought elsewhere?  Like how can you guarantee that it will wind up in Denver.  On the other hand, when everyone goes to Denver to legally purchase marijuana, there is no guarantee that they will smoke it in Denver and not just bring it back to wherever they came from (where it is illegal).  We already face this sort of an issue with fireworks.  They are allowed in some states, but not in others.  So people just go across the border and legally purchase fireworks.  It is so hard to regulate though, so people bring them back to states where it is not allowed.  We are talking about a similar situation here, but instead of talking about fireworks, we are discussing a drug which affects how a person acts and behaves.  Drunk driving is already a huge issue in our country. Sure, it is illegal to drive while intoxicated, but people do it all the time and lives are lost as a result.  Even though marijuana is not legal in the United States now, it doesn't mean that people don't smoke.  But why would we want to make it legal to purchase a drug which would just mean that more people could be on the roads under the influence.  I have never smoked myself, and so I am not sure exactly what the effects of marijuana are on a person but I would say that they are probably rather similar to the effects of alcohol.  So I would not want to have more people who are high driving around and going to work, etc.  It just doesn't seem right to me to make it legal to add another harmful drug to your body.


