I think that whenever you post anything on the internet, you have to be aware that what you are posting can be read by pretty much anyone.  If there is something that you don't want EVERYONE to be able to see, then you should think twice before posting that information.  So if you put something online in your mySpace, you should know that MANY MANY people will be able to see it.  For this reason, I don't really think that it was an invasion of privacy for someone from the school to have read a bullitin that indicated there was going to be a shooting.  If the student posted this information on the internet for all to see, then they should have been aware that it is possible for anyone to read it.  I don't personally have a mySpace profile, so I am not exactly sure how the privacy settings work.  I can only speak from my experience with a Facebook profile.  I do have a Facebook, and I have currently have my settings so that only "friends of my friends" at Loyola can see my profile.  So if accept a friend request from someone, any of their friends who go to Loyola will be able to see my profile as well.  I initially had it set up so that anyone at Loyola could see my profile, but I recently restricted it further.  There are stil a large number of people that fall into the category of "friends of my friends." So I know though, that any information that I post on my profile can be viewed by many different people.  It is sometimes tricky to figure out what information I want to post, and what I don't.  For example, I have my AOL Instant Messenger screen name and my campus address on my Facebook profile.  This information is posted because I would like people from my classes or my friends on campus to be able to contact me or to stop by my room. However, I don't really want EVERYONE in the world to know my screen name or where I live on campus, because that is kind of dangerous.  But I am taking that risk by posting that information online. So if a student posts something online, the information is available to a wide group of people.  If a student has written something threatening about a school shooting, then I think that it is great that a school official happened to see it and was able to prevent lives being lost.  I'm not sure how exactly the school official came across the student's message though.  It would be kind of weird WHY exactly the school official was looking at students' profiles anyway, but I am glad that they were able to save lives.

