Gay marriage is a tough topic.  I am still not really sure where I stand on this issue.  It does seem to me that marriage is an instituion that is designed for a man and a woman.  I have gone to Catholic school my entire life and it was pretty well engrained that homosexuality was something "bad".  I believe that the Church's official position on homosexuality is that while it is not wrong to have homosexual feelings, it is wrong to act on them.  In this regard, it would make sense that gay marriage should not be allowed.  However, I can not just go strictly by this point of view because as I have gotten older and have been able to think more for myself instead of just accepting what I am told, my views on homosexuality have broaded.  I am much more accepting now.  I have a couple of friends who are gay and I don't feel that I treat them any differently than any of my heterosexual friends.  However, being accepting of homosexuality and supporting gay marriage are  I think that whatever the decision, not exactly the same.  I am pretty  I think that whatever the decision, divided on this issue.  On the one hand, if a gay couple is in love and really wants to get married, who are we to tell them that they are not allowed to get married.  Maybe they want to adopt a child or start a family.  It would make sense then that they should be bound together by marriage and by law.  Also, marriage can often make things easier financially, such as when filing for taxes.  Why should we deny h I think that whatever the decision, omosexuals these benefits of marriage?  On the other hand, I most often think of marriage as a sacred bond between a man and a woman.  I still struggle to get past this idea. Regardless of what the decision is, I think that it is strange that is is legal in some states but not in others.  We are the UNITED states of America, and so it seems logical to me that we should be united on such major issues as gay marriage.   I'm not really sure how I feel about President Bush's push for a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage. It seems that right now, the situation is probably a happy medium because if a gay couple REALLY wants to get married, they can at least go to certain states.  However, the people who are really against gay marriage can be somewhat satisfied because at least gay marriage is not legal everywhere.  This is one of those issues where it is really hard to come up with a right or a wrong answer.

