I definitely think that gender discrimination is an issue in present-day United States.  There are certainly obvious differences between men and women.  I think that although women have come a long way in terms of being less discriminated against than in the past, they stil face much discrimination.  The roles that have typically been associated with women in the past has lead to stereotypes which still exist today.  I think that the root of this gender discrimination comes from stereotypes.  Until these stereotypes are completely eliminated (which I don't really think will ever happen), I'm not really sure what can be done to change this.  My best guess would be to say for everyone just to try to keep as open a mind as possible and never to assume that a man or a woman could do a certain task better.  As women keep proving that in most cases they are just as qualified to do a certain task as a man is, then maybe over time, the stereotypes will start to lessen and, possibly eventually, go away. One of the main places in which I feel that gender discrimination occurs is in the workplace.  Studies have shown that often in situations where men and women are performing the exact same job, the man makes a higher salary.  I find this completely unfair.  If two people are performing exactly the same job duties, there should be no difference in their salary based simply on gender.  There is also the situation that we hear about of the "glass ceiling".  This is where women and look up and see the men above them, but they can't actually get to that point themselves.  While there are certainly women in high positions in business and management, most of the TOP officers are men.  Again, I am not saying that this is ALWAYS the case, but this situation does occur quite frequently.  The way I see it, there is no real reason for this other than gender discrimination.  I believe that women could do equally as well a job as men.  Howwomenever, this bring up another issue.  If women were to hold these top positions, then they would inevitably be "bosses" to both men and women alike.  Since stereotypes and discrimination do exist though, the woman could be less effective at her job, since some of the men might not respect her or follow her orders as much as they would if a man was their boss.  An example that I have of this is from my friend.  Her dad works in an office where his boss is a woman.  He is extremely resentful of this fact, and I have heard him make comments about her several times while I have been at the house.  Now I am sure that she can perform the regular job duties equally as well as a man in her position, but here is a situation where one of her employees does not hold the same respect for her as she deserves. I also think that women are discriminated against in situations where physical strenght is required.  Yes, it is a fact that women are built differently than men.  Most men tend to be bigger and stronger than women. But again, this is not always the case.  Personally, I know that I am rather weak in comparision with males my age, but I know girls who are stronger than some of the guys.  So if there is a woman who possesses great physical strength and would like to do a job that requires physical strength (ex: military, firefighter, police officer, etc.) then I believe
that they should be allowed to. I don't really think that men face the same sort of discrimination as women do.  The only type of discrimination that I can think of off the top of my head that males face would be that they would be "tougher" than women.  Generally, personality-wise, the stereotype is that men are "tough" and women are more emotional.
