Privacy rights is a topic that is very difficult to discuss in that it is
very hard to draw a line as to what exactly constitutes private behavior
and what constitutes public behavior.  Therefore, with the myspace
example, and with internet use in general, it is very hard to pick one
side.  From what I understand about myspace, most everything a person
posts is viewable by anybody who logs onto the service.  Actually, i'm not
sure you even have to log on. I think you can just search for a person and
view their information.  Which leads me to believe that was in fact, not
an invasion of privacy at all.  It all has to do with intent.  To look at
the most basic form of privacy, the form innate to all humans, is the
privacy of our thoughts.  While uncountable thoughts run through our heads
each day, we have the choice as to which thoughts we want to keep to
ourselves and which thoughts we want to vocalize, or make public, for
everyone to hear. It is this choice, I believe, that determines whether or
not our actions are deemed as public or private.  If this student's intent
was for nobody to see the things he wrote, he should have posted somewhere
where people couldn't see them, perhaps on his computer somewhere just in
a word document, or in a diary, or some other private form.  If he wanted
several people to see what he wrote, but not certain other people, there
are other options for doign this.  However, posting on myspace, where
anyone who wants to read it can, is akin to running out in the middle of
the street, screaming that you want to kill people.

Everyone has weird thoughts.  Everyone, I'm sure, has had at least for one
moment, thought about something that they would never ever want to share
with anyone. There's nothing wrong with that.  If you want to write it
down, go ahead and write it down somewhere.  But don't post it.  Don't let
other people see it, unless you want them to.  But if you put yourself in
a situation where other people can freely see what you've written, without
any devious means, then don't complain that they're invading your privacy,
because it's your fault.
