Well first off, let me start off by saying I don't really care at all what
the Catholic Church decides to do.  I've already decided for myself that
religion is not something I'm interested in being a part of, and would
rather not hear anything about religion for the rest of my life.  That
being said, my responses can be put into the context of a nonbeliever.

Should the Catholic Church have to change it's ways to adapt to 21st
century life? I don't personally know if they need to.  What I mean is, Is
the Church's popularity waning? I'm not really up to date on the numbers
but it seems as if they are still holding strong in Europe and growing
exponentially in Africa and Latin America.  In the U.S., it's hard for me
to say, especially since I go to a Catholic school, where there are
Catholics everywhere.  If they really are in need of some kind of change,
we have to look at the process of change since its conception.  I mean,
think how many thousands of years it took just to allow laypeople to read
the people.  I'm pretty sure that took over a millenium.  And to allow
translations of the bible, and to accept versions of the Bible as valid
besides for their precious Vulgate?  Also took thousands and thousands of
years.  However, the main difference between that millenium and this one
is that people live outside of religion.  What I mean by that is that
until the modern era, God was a generally accepted truth.  Nobody didn't
believe.  Today we have barriers set up between believers and the rest of
the world.  It's much easier to attract people to your religion when
everybody already believes.  So do I think the Church needs to change?
Absolutely.  The church is still operating under the idea that the way
they worked during the middle ages, the way they worked during the
renaissance, still works.  And it doesn't.

Unfortunately, my advice to the Catholic Church is a little too radical
for Catholics to accept.  My first piece of advice: Forget the pope. 
Really.  Why is there a pope?  Someone thats holier than all of us? 
Someone thats between us and God?  Why do you listen to what he says,
holding on to his words so closely?  He wasn't chosen by God, he was
chosen by men.  That should probably tell you something right away.  Stop
making people think they need a pope to be in contact with God, cuz it's a
lie.

That's really all the advice I have to give to the Catholic Church.  I
really don't care what else they do.  I'm just tired of the pope.




