
    The war in Iraq is a very tricky topic to say the least. I myself
believe that we should get out of there because we are just loosing
tons of soldiers. I understand that the entire reason why we entered
into the war was because of the attack of September 11th, but honestly
as we have found out more and more it just does not make sences to
keep on fighting.
   Originally we thought that the terrorists that attacked us were linked
to osama bin laden, but as we later found out, that was not the case.
Instead our president George W. Bush just used the escuse of the attack
to go in and capture him. Well, we have done that and in the mean while
we have totally pissed off many of the terrorists groups such as the
talliban, and we have left Iraq in shambles.
   IN a way i am glad that osama bin laden is off the market, though this
could have happened a lot sooner if Bill Clinten acted when he had the
chance too, and then perhaps we would not even have been in this much
of a mess as we are in right now. Yet I am not entirly sure why we are
still in Iraq. Well no, I take that back.
   I do know that we are there because we got rid of their main
governmental system, and that we have been working with them to have
them make their own governmental system, but it is taking an extreemly
long time. THe tricky part is that we can not leave too soon otherwise
it would be like the catastrophy of when Russia invaded Afganistan.
They invaded a while back and then pulled out too soon and more
corruption just ivolved instead of any good coming of it, so I know
that is why we can not pull out right away from Iraq. However, I feel
like they are very much on thier way to running themselves. I do not
really understand why we have to keep sending more and more soldiers
over there when they are trying to become more self suficient.
Wouldn't our sending troups over there send the message that we do not
trust them?
   Perhaps it has to do with how long particular soldiers are allowed to
be out and on missions. I know that after a few months they are
required to come home, so perhaps it just sounds like we are sending
more troups over there when in fact they are jsut replacing those that
are coming home.
   IN any regards, I don't like the fact that we are over there now, but
understand why we can't pull out all of a sudden. I just wish that
there somehow was a faster way that we could get ourselves out of this
mess, and unfortunatly I dont think that there ever will be, because
terrorists seem to be like the idea of evoking fear into every nation
(not just ours).


