
   One the issue of gay marriage, I belive that it should not be leaglied.
Now let me first clarify what I mean by this. Marragie in the eyes of
the church is between a man and a woman before god. Those of the same
sex can not participate in such actions because the Bible and the
catholic church do not recognize this form of unionization to be legal.
The reason is because a man and a woman can produce children and thus
help populate the world and spread the word of God.
  Those of the same sex can not produce children having the same organ
system makeup, and thus are not considered a compleate whole or union in
the eyes of the Lord. I compleatly agree with this, however I do belived
that those of the same sex should be able to spend the rest of thier
lives together and have the same governmental benifits as regular
families.
  In other words, I belive that those who are of the same sex should be
unionized but in a different way. If they so wish they can have their
partnersip recognized by a new name as well other then marraige (because
it is not a marraige) but have it sound more meaningful then just the
dry term of civil union.
   In reality, this is mainly what most same sex partners want anyways.
THey want a way to solidify thier "love" for one another in the eyes of
others, and they want to be able to acces all of the benifits that
normal male female relationships and marragiaes have.
   In regards to whether President Bush should be allowed to pass an
Amendment banning Gay marraige, I do not think that this should be
done. I again, dont think that there should be gay marraige (as said
using this term) but under a different term I am ok with it. However,
with President Bush passing an Amendment banning gay marraige it is
almost making it seem that one is not free in this country any more.
ONe should be able to choose who they wish to spend the rest of thier
life with and not have to worry how others judge them. with an
amendment, even if they did find a way to solidify thier union working
around the amendment, I feel as if they would be looked down upon even
more in society then it is already today, and this should not be so.
  THe Federal government should not be involved in people's personal lives
in regards to stating who is allowed to be involved or be partnered with
who. If this were the case in the end, I fear that the book by George
Orwell of 1984 would be coming to life with the "Big Brother or Father"
thing going on.
  Oh, on another point, the reason why marraige between a man and a woman
is more solidifying in the eyes of god, is because they are able to
reproduce and thus even if the initial "passion" for one another dies
out, they have children that they are now working together to rais in
the eyes of the Lord. THose of the same sex can not do this and so
ofthen thier relationships tend to dye out after the passion has gone
away.
  To sum up what I belive, I believe that those of the same sex should be
able to be unionized under a different term then marraige and taht the
federal government and president bush should stay out of the sistuation.
I also believe that once this universal differnt term to name the union
between same sex couples is passes, all states should honor it.



