

   When it comes to gender discrimination, I do feel that it is still
present in socitey. It is something that has been going on from the
very begining of time, and I am not really sure if it will ever
compleatly go away.
   When women finally got the vote here in the USA, it was after the
African Amaricans, wich is ironic being we had the whole civil war
going on at one point trying to argue that they should be kept as
slaves (wich we rightly judged that they should not, and i am glad of
this fact!) However, women, even though they were white were not
allowed to vote until after the african american men could. Actually,
white and african american women were lumped together in this case in
that neither were allowed to vote untin the 1920s at the same time.
  With this bit of history, we have clearly come a long ways, yet there is
still many things that keep women down. There is the theory of the
"glass roof" in some jobs, were women can only be premoted so high, and
then can never really get to the full top because the men in society or
even the views of other women keep them down. It is getting to be a
little more common to see women in the top positions, yet most CEO's or
Bosses are still the men.
   I being a woman would like to think that I can rais up into the career
of my choice as far as I would like to go without any bounderies. I
would like to feel and think that in these positions or in any position
that I might have or obtain, I would be respected just as much as a
male would. It is here that we come to our first problem.
   Women are still often thought of as the parent that should stay at home
and raise the children and shoule be under the rull of the man of the
house. Or at least this used to be the majority of thinking.
   Now a new type of gender discrimination I feel is starting to evolve,
and it does not have to deal with women under men, but women against
women. It is now starting to be that if you are a mom, it is not
enough. You should not only rais a family, cook, and take care of them,
but you should also be involved in clubs, activities and have a part
time job. If you are not able to fullfill all of these requiremnets,
some women are looking down on those that dont and feel that because
they are they are better and more supirior. It is an odd concept, but
ture. I guess it is the balencing of a sacle really. As soon as women
start to gain acceptance into a male dominated society, other women
start to look down on you if you are not taking every opportunity that
one can. THis is not just in teh united states that i see this but
streaching accross the ocean to the UK as well.
   Men are also discriminated against when it is the wife in the family 
who seems to be the one who is earning the money. A father should be
respected for staying at home and taking care of his family if that is
what they choose to do, yet ofthen stay at home fathers are looked down
upon, wich is sad. ONe should not be judged for what they do if it is
nobel, such as taking care of thier children and family.
  Do I see any way of changing these prejucices? Unfortunaly not
overnight, but I feel only time will tell what happens next.

