
   I do belive that marijuana should be legalized because it is actually
not as harmful as alcohol and can actually be regulated better by the
government if it is legalized.
  I actually read somewhere that marijuana is one of the bigest cash crops
of the usa, however, it is not regulated when it is sold to second or
third parties so the "drug" could be unpure and thus this is ofthen why
people tend to dye from it. Also, if the government was able to hone in
on this big cash crop we would be making a lot of money and help get our
government out of debt and lower the deficite.
  If it was leagalized then there would be less drug related murders and
wars as well. Mexico is one of the biggest problems that we face as the
usa. They have many mobs down in SOuth America and thier only crop is
marijauna, and they will do anything to make a sale before the other
mobs do. Millions of people dye getting this drug out of the courntry
and often into the hands of the use consumers. By legalizing this drug,
we would be helping to cut down on this industry and thus help lower the
rate of crime.
  On the other hand, I feel that once marijauna is legalized that it still
needes to be regulated. We can not have people driving all around the
place on the road high, because the accident rates of moter related
deaths would sky-rocket. Just like alcohol, one should not be able to
drive while high as they are not allowe4d to drive drunk. There should
also be an age limit on the drug
   It doe impair judgment and it does make people high, just as alcohol
does, and thus one should be at the age when they know what is
appropriate usage of the drug and what is abuse of the drug. If someone
uses the drug too much they can probably loose brain cells, just as if
someone drinks too much.
  THat being said, I would like to point out some of the bennifits of
marijuana. It does help those who are suffering from glocoma by helpong
to releave some of the pressure off of the eyse and put them at a more
comfortable state. It is not prove to provoke a dependence as alcohol
does, and thus can be stopped at any given time, instead of those who
become alcoholics.
  I also believe that as in smoking, there should be rules on where
marijuana can be used. many people do not like the drug and so there
should be no smoking of it inside of buildings or in public areas such
as sidewalks. Parks are a differnt matter in that one can simply move
away from a location that they smell the drug in. there needs to be a
type of respect that developes between those who use it and those who do
not, otherwise there could be a significanly drastick dividing line
between the two groups, and it is best to keep everyone happy.
  so if marijuana was regulated, then those who do use it will feel as if
they are getting the best product for their money, becaus they will know
there is no filler in the drug. They will also have to respect others in
that they have to watch where they smoke it because not everyone wants
to smell it. THey need to obay all laws set in motion by the government
such as age limit on who can buy the drug and when or when not to drive.
Other then that, I feel as if the drug should be legalized much like it
is in canada, becaus that seems to be working out quite well.

