   I do believe that the catholic chruch needs to update its criteria a
little bit. Being an avod catholic myself, I do not think that it is
right to not allow priests to marry. This is actually cutting
drastically into our religion, because more and more people who are
ordaned are also wanting to become priests, but find themselves being
dicons instead, and thus can not preform all of the sacraments.
  In jeasuses time, priests were allowed to be married and there are no
rules in the Bible that prevent such men from entering into a
relationship with a woman, getting married and having a family. This is
a man made law. It dates back to the time when the roman catholic church
was corrupt and the popes...yes there were sometimes more then
one...would act only in their own intersests and ignor the rightful
teachings of God.
   However, we have come a long way from this point in our lives, and have
demonstrated that we can all now act as one and follow the teachings of
God. It is thus time to allow priest so enter into marraige and be able
to have a family. It would actually be good for them to have families
too, because if they truly are rasining them in the eyes of the Lord,
then they are setting a good example for others to follow and model
after as.
   I believe that if priest were allowed to marry there would probably
also have been a decrease in the indecencey of gay relationships or
child mulestation. Men are known to have needs that they try and
fulfill. Unfortunatly by denying them the right to enter into marraige,
they are finding other outlets to "relieve" themselves. THis is
compleatly and utterly gastly and harmful, not only to the individuals
involved, but to those around them who know these people in person and
to the church itself.
  It is my thought that the church handled this entire situation
exceedinly poorly because they were in a way just too shocked to really
fully grasp the entire situation and know what was going on. instead
they felt that covering up the harmulf deed or removing one of the
individuals to another locations..ofthen the priest, would solve the
problem. It didn't of course, because the needs of that priest were
still there, so instead he just succeeded in hurting more people around
him instead of teaching others in the way of the Lord.
   THis is why priest should be able to marry and this is why the curch
needs to recognize the problems they are faced with.
   women should also be able to become priests, because who is to say that
only men are able to teach others ih the way of the lord? I certainly
know plenty of women who love to talk about God and know more then many
priests or know just as much as priest now adays. Perhaps if women
could be priest, this would also help eliminate the shortage of
priests, and maybe even attract others to listen to the word, knowing
that it treates both sexes equally, just as the Bible tells us to do.

