  I do not think that a myspace page or bulletin investigation or
monitoring is against the law. People who sighn up for those particular
type of websites know that it is open to the public and that anyone can
search of you and find out informatino. It is actually a bit scary if
you think about it, because now that society has become so digitalized
we are all leaving traces or ourselves or footprints out in cyberspace
that can be easily tracked by just about anyone.
   One has to realize that anything that is done on a computer and put on
the internet is liable to be there forever in some form or another and
is able to be looked at or viewed by almost anyone. That is why it is
called the World Wide Web. It streaches accross contenents to
everywere.
   In regardes to other pricavy laws, such as the tapping of phone
conversatinos and phone lines, i do not necissarily like this idea, but
i do realize that it is for our protection. I dont really feel like I
have anything to really worry about, because honestly if some
governmental agency were to listen in to my converstation randomly they
would be very dissappointed because most of my conversatinos are quite
silly and have not content about polotics or anything of that matter.
   I like it that they are able to stop people from commiting crimes
though, just by listening to people talk. ON the other hand, this idea
is very creepy. It is almost like that whole "big brother" "father'
thing of the story 1984 by George Orwell. Basically anything one does
is monitored and I dont really like the idea of people listeing to my
conversations to my mom or to friends. Yes I feel like it is an
invasion of privacy, and I wish it did not have to be done. I feel like
it used to be that only if certain words poped up in a sentence, such
as "bomb, war, terrorist, presiden, etc."  then your conversation would
be monitored. I am not sure if that is how it quite works now.
   FOr the patriot act, bacically it is just a freindly name to help
disguise what its true funcion is....to take away more or our privacy
and freedoms, yet while I know this I am afraid to say that i am a bit
rusty on what the details of this act are. I just know that it sounds
friendly and helpful and in reality it is not as nice as it seems.
   When it comes to the safty of others though, going back to the school,
I do not think that there really sould be any line drawn. The school
shooter could have killed many lives, and with what just happened at VT
last year, I would be more then happy if any school shooters were
caught beforhand. THere are some rights that we should just accept as
given, and some we should take as gifts but realize that people are
going to monitor them to keep us safe. I feel that as long as this last
part...to keep us safe....is kept in this strick regards, then we
should be fine, but we need to make sure that the government or school
officials do not go too power hungry.

