Privacy vs. safety, personal rights vs. collective security, these are
extremely pressing issues in today's day in age, when a large portion of
the world honestly detests many aspects of America.  We are losing friends
fast in Europe, and most of the developing world, while desparately
wanting to come here and earn a decent living, holds us in quiet contempt
for our sheerly excessive comfort material wealth.

Why do we have these enemies?  Why is it that I, an American citizen, have
to be EXTREMELY careful and watch my back if I travel to many places in
the world?  Why is it that there are certain places I simply can't travel
to?  Why is there so much animosity aimed at the American public that our
government has to establish tremendous new bureaus just to protect our
"homeland security"?  From where did this threat arise, and who is
accountable?  What did I do to deserve this?

The answer is, we, the majority of American people, did nothign to deserve
this.  We are just so far removed from the suffering which exists all over
the world that we, all too often, unknowlingly perpetuate it through our
exercise of economic domination.

So basically, the American government can do what it will to protect our
safety.  I have nothing to hide, so I'm not really scared.  Im sure that,
in twenty years, when we are allowed to see exactly what the intelligence
community was doing in 2007 in terms of operations, we will just shake our
heads and say "that's messed up".

And honestly, I have some qualms and questions about this study, such as
exactly why the NSA is paying college students for their political views
(I'm not really pointing fingers, but somethign about this strikes a very
Orwellian tone), and if this is really a study about how people
communicate, then why are its test subjects  affluent, priveleged,
english-speaking, American college students?  Why weren't we just told
what is going on?

Even if my essay will never be linked back to my name, which I suspect
they probably will, I didn't hide what I truly thought about privacy, and
at times, even got a little mad as I was writing.  Well, I'm done now
(completing my last email), but thanks for the opportunity.

