To whom it may concern-

I definitely believe that gender discrimination exists in society today. It is everywhere from school, to a child's playhouse, to even the workplace. I'm pretty sure that there is always going to be at least a little bit of gender discrimination in this world. It seems as though it has been incorporated into our culture since the beginnings of time. Since men are naturally more muscular than women, they will always be perceived to be the stronger and more dominant sex. Women, by their regular caring nature, will always be looked upon in that motherly sense. Physically, our bodies are made this way. Women can care for infants by providing nutrients through breastfeeding, while the men "take care" of the family with their muscles and toughness. I don't think that there is anything
anyone can do to totally eliminate the discrimination of different genders, but it can definitely be changed to a more equal state. I believe that, since society influences gender by producing things relating specifically to girls or boys (generally), there is only one way to get rid of gender discrimination. This way is to raise someone in a world not affected by society's views on gender. This, of course, will basically be next to impossible- but if you want to throw your child on an empty island for the entirety of his/her life, it may be possible.

This gender discrimination influenced by society is obviously part of the workplace, since the workplace makes up a good amount of society. I used to be employed by a real estate company, and I was a receptionist/secretary. This is not your typical job for an 18 year old male. My friends would joke around with the idea saying that I had a girly job, which I knew was true. (but hey, it paid good...) This job is definitely a girly job, and I can totally see that. There are more masculine jobs such as construction workers. These stereotypes go back to the physical nature of men vs. women, and how they are perceived. Construction needs muscles, and secretaries need...multitasking abilities??? ha ha. The point is that gender discrimination is DEFINITELY in the workplace, and throughout the world. This is not always a bad thing though- Is it hurting anybody? In these cases no, but that's not to say that it doesn't happen. This type of discrimination is part of human nature- something that we can not help.

Thanks for listening!

-ID#: 20

