To whom it may concern:

I think that the Catholic Church does not need to change its ways to adapt with the 21st century. What is the point in changing a religion to suit one's personal wants? I don't think that there is any logic in that. Everyone within the church most likely does not believe EVERYTHING that the Church stands for. I know many people who are religious, but support gay marriages, etc. Why can't people just be like them? I don't think that a religion would be where it is at if people kept changing it to suit how THEY WANTED to live. Religion guides the ways people should live...People should not guide the form of their religion. I personally am not the "Jesus Freak," but I do go to church just about every Sunday. I don't know all about the Catholic religion, but I think that everything within it is there for a reason. The issue with women becoming priests makes me wonder a lot. "Why shouldn't they become priests?" people ask a lot. I say, "why SHOULD they." The Catholic Church is known to be traditionally conservative, so why should they change that? It has always been that males could become priests and women could become nuns. A nun and a priest are basically on the same "playing field" in my opinion, so one is not better than the other. It's just like two different jobs within the same company with different specifications for their job descriptions. Each "job" is working towards the same general goal, but each title does different things.

To change the subject, I think that the charges against the Catholic Church are nonsense. That "stuff" goes on every day in other religions, organizations, etc. If the Church would change to fit the wants of the 21st century, it could be a good and bad thing. Yes it is true that, statistically speaking, the numbers of pedophilia would probably go down, but the attention would be taken off of the cases that occur anyways. All of the media's attention would go to the fact that the Church is changing. This would be bigger than if a priest did something gross with an juvenile. People just want what will get their attention most- they could probably care less about what a priest does in his spare time. So if the Church would change, everything that is on the news today (women not becoming priests, pedophilia, etc.) would not matter to anyone. Everyone would focus on this "new change." People like to blame other people, it's in our nature- All in all, I would never consider changing the Catholic Church, because the accusations against it are not even as important to people as it may seem.

Very long, but thanks for your time,

-#20

