To whom it may concern-

I believe that the war in Iraq was, and is a good idea. It is true that there has been a LOT of money spent over there, but everyone should look out for one another as human beings. I think that a lot of people do not support the war just because they don't like George W. Bush. I support his efforts in the Mid-East mainly because he is the leader of the greatest nation on Earth. If I start a project, I don't get up and leave half way through. A lot of Americans think that this is what Bush should do with the war. I like the fact that he is sticking to what he wants to do. What people need to realize is that he knows things that we are never allowed to set eyes on. We don't know what the "real story" is behind the curtain so to speak. I'm sure that if we knew everything that all the other world leaders have done throughout the world, we would be supporting Bush all the way.

A true leader knows when to stick with his/her ways, even if his people don't like what he/she is doing. Yes, I feel bad for all of the soldiers over there, but I also support them being there. They all knew what they were signing up for when they enlisted, so they should not be complaining (as harsh as that sounds). The civilians who are complaining about the war make it seem as though we (the United States) don't even support our troops as they say that the war is pointless. This really makes me mad, because it's people like that who are disrespecting our armed forces and all of their good deeds. If this was right after September 11th, EVERYONE would be "gung ho" about the Iraq war, but since everyone's blood is not flowing as much anymore, their dedication has dropped. I think that true Americans should support their armed forces and leader even through rough times. If the country is in a rough patch because of a mistake, we still need to support everything our leader does. Is he not human also? People who expect our president to be perfect are juvenile. They are too simple minded to see the big picture. Americans need to realize that they DON'T know all of what is going on, they need to support our troops by POSITIVE TALK, and most of all, they need to support our leader, the good ol' George W.

I sound way too conservative in this, haha,

ID#: 20
