Marriage is a legal right that everyone in the country deserves to have.  If mentally challenged people with Down's syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Syndrome have the right to get married and have children, how on earth can we deny that same right to homosexual couples who are functioning members of society?  People say that gay marriage is against their religion – well their religion isn't the issue here.  Under the Constitution, they have the same right to practice that religion as they always have, and to deny the marriage of homosexuals within their own churches and institutions.  But states aren't trying to make priests perform marriages between two gay people - the only right on debate here is the right for two male or two female names to be on the same marriage certificate.  There is no way that if gay marriage is legalized, you'll walk into church one day and have to watch two men kiss at the altar.  This is in no way the issue, and what needs to happen is that people see that.  America has to look at this issue objectively, without the emotional reasoning that thinking about it in terms of religion brings.  Only then will we as a country come to see that we are denying people basic rights in the name of nothing more than personal belief.

What are the disadvantages of gay marriage?  People say that homosexual couples threaten the validity of heterosexual marriage and somehow make it less special.  But homosexual and heterosexual couples are so fundamentally different, and yet so similar, that this will in no way happen.  Living with a partner of the same sex can't be the same as living with one of the opposite sex, yet they share the same feelings and roles in relationships, go through the same problems, and want the same things out of a marriage.  Some people look at homosexuals as simply promiscuous people who want sex all the time without the possibility of pregnancy or commitment.  From that standpoint, yes, homosexual marriage would make the institution of marriage look bad.  But in fact, this is a stereotype that is in no way true.  Homosexual couples have rates of commitment and break-up similar to heterosexual couples.  Many live their whole lives together, sharing every experience the same way a married man and woman do.  How could a committed couple make marriage look bad?

There is no way the federal government should be involved in this issue, unless the constitutionl amendment changes the definition of marriage to include the union between homosexual couples at all.  The separation of church and state should keep Bush from passing such an amendment, because other than a phrase written down over 100 years ago and some "morals" conferred on him by his religion, there is nothing behind his push.  Such an amendment would be a dangerous thing for the Republican party to pass, since the gay population is a growing minority who has a vested interest in the matter.  Besides, the federal government has a responsibility to protect the rights of those under it, not take them away.  Whose rights are protected by banning gay marriages?  The rights of heterosexual couples to be the only ones with a marriage certificate?  That seems like s snobbish kind of right to protect.  What about the rights of old ladies not to be offended by seeing a wedding performed between two men?  Well, we defended the right of old ladies not to see a black man and a white woman holding hands in public not so long ago.  That defense was known as the Jim Crow laws.  Is that really where we see ourselves at the beginning of 2007??

