This is possibly the biggest waste of the court's time ever.  I fail to see, time and time again, how a bulletin posted on a public website for tens and probably hundrends of users to see could be considered private in any way shape or form.  Even just signing up for a Myspace, you are informed that your website is subject to inspection and censorship by the owners - no part of myspace is truly private.  The very act of posting a bulletin shows that he didn't want his actions to be private - he wanted others to know about and read about them.  The issue here is that the wrong people (school officials) came across a notice that was otherwise public property.  You can't defend your mistake of not being careful by saying they invaded your privacy by catching you in that mistake.  If the post was on a private, password protected site that only you had the keys to and shool officials hacked in, then a case could be made.  Still, kids post things every day in their web sites and blogs and expect other people to read them.  The inference of the kid posting a bulletin was that he expected other people to read it.  Just because he got in trouble when people fulfilled his expectations doesn't give him a justification for his defense.

School officals should draw the line at actual private property.  Search and seizure of a purse's contents is different from a review of a student's public website.  With a purse, there is a reasonable expectation of privacy.  A purse is used outside of school in many situations.  Myspace is not used for anything but communication with other people. 
Noone creates a Myspace and adds no friends and just keeps it for themselves to look at, and noone posts a bulletin on Myspace without expecting other users to read it.  It's the same situation as passing out fliers at school that say "IM BRINGING IN A GUN TOMORROW!!!"  If a school principal happens to pick one up and freaks out, you can't say "Hey, you had no right to read that because I was only passing it out to my friends!"  The fact is, the responsibility of school offials to keep the students in their care safe has always and will always outweigh the privacy rights of students.  School officals have more leniency even than the police because a school is supposed to be a safe and sheltered environment.  If kids think they are constantly in danger, how can they learn?  If parents don't think offials are doing a good enough job, they will switch their kids to a different school.  Parents and the government support the school system in doing what it takes to protect their children.  Anything brought to school should be under the authority of the school to search - purses, backpacks, locker contents, notebooks... bottom line, if you don't want it to be seen by school officials don't put it withink their reach.  This means realizing that school officials use the internet as well, and even if they don't other students may turn you in.  This was just a stupid decision by one kid that school officials were well within their rights to crack down on.

