I think the Catholic Church has been in a constant process of growth ever since its conception.  It's not like it has never changed - The Protestant Reformation and Vatican II are examples of two massive overhauls in Church doctrine and practice.  Yet there are lots of issues today that the Church is not addressing properly - tradition is not a good answer to the issue of women preists or gay marriage.  It doesn't attract people to the church when they hear that women can't be priests because 2000 years ago people were not enlightened enough to listen when women spoke in the name of Jesus, so he picked men as his apostles instead.  Everyone knows that that has changed, and they want the church to reflect the new status of women in the world.

Pope John Paul II did well in his time as Pope to bring the Church into the new millenium.  He made the Church more accessible to common people, and by visiting other countries as a sort of ambassador, in effect globalized it.  In this era of global trade and world economy, it was good to have a Pope who spoke the languages of so many people, and who showed obvious love for each one of them.  But the doctrines of the church are much more entrenched and hard to change than its public image.  Supporters of strict laws in the church can find evidence anywhere in the Bible supporting their ideas.  But perception of the Bible has also changed over the years - it is no longer accepted by many as literal fact, ever since the Scopes Monkey trial.  In fact, among many theologians and Biblical scholars, it is widely accepted that the Bible should be viewed realistically - as a book of meaninful stories and lessons created by Church leaders to unify and teach their followers.  If the Bible were to be created today by the same leaders of the church, it would undoubtedly be different in many, many ways.  So why should we keep basing our lives on the "laws" written in a book centuries ago, in another place and time entirely?  The MESSAGE of the Bible is what's important.  Love your neighbor, do unto others as you would have them do unto you, God loves you etc, not "a man is unclean for 24 hours after he has lain with a woman."  That one went out the window... so whats keeping the law where gays should be shunned and stoned taken as the word of God himself?

In regard to the issue of pedophilia, there is nothing the church could have done or changed to prevent that.  A pedophile is a pedophile - it is a psycholigical illness, not just repressedsexual energy.  I think that rather than a good proportion of priest becoming pedophiles, a good portion of pedophiles became priests to try and control their urges.  They probably thought the church would give them stronger morals and convictions, and that they would be able to control their thoughts and actions better as priests.  Instead, what it did was give them even less supervision (hey, everyone trusts a priest) and even more freedom to be alone with small children and to fantasize about them.  Allowing female priests and married priests would probably enhance the quality of life among priests, but would not make any greater or smaller percentage of them pedophiles.  What the church could have done was to keep a closer watch on the health of its priests.  I'm sure none of them entered the priesthood saying "Oh boy, this will give me a chance to have sex with kids."  They probably felt extreme guilt over their feelings and actions, and probably would have sought help for it if they thought they would be supported.  I'm sure none of these men were particularly bad people, they just had psychological problems and a lack of control.  If priests could be assured that they could get psychological help whenever they needed it, and not necessarily from other priests but from real doctors, then I think the incidence rate of occasions like this would go down.  Also, the curch should not have covered up incidences when they did occur, but gotten help for the involved priests and let the public know in a timely manner.  Instead, the whole thing backfired on them and the newspapers got to have a grand expose.  The church should change many of its own internal customs and rules, and that includes trying to always be judge and jury.  Sometimes people just need outside help.
