I think we should never have gotten involeved in the War in Iraq in the first place, but now that we are we have certain responsibilities to take care of before we leave.  It was not exactly a good decision to get involved in a full scale war without support of any other countries or the UN.  If that many other governments are rleuctant to get involved, what made us think our reasons were overpowering?  Well the threat of weapons of mass destruction for one.  Weapons of mass destruction which mysteriously no longer exist.  Oil was another, and I don't see a way that we can deny that.  Our government made rash decisions in the defense of the US economy, not US society and safety.  We took it on ourselves to invade another country and mold it to our specifications, instead of going through diplomatic channels to work out a solution.  Our problem was not only rashness, but impatience.  True Iraq was ingoring UN orders in the time shortly before the war, but I feel it could have all been worked out with a much better, safer solution.  Third party intervention was a must between the US and Iraq at that time, and there just wasn't a strong enough force holding us back.  All of these factors, as well as anti-Iraqi sentiment generated by the government, contributed to us getting into a royal mess rivaling Vietnam.  But now that we're there, we have to think critically to find the best way out.

The problem with people who advocate an end to the war and withdrawl of all troops from Iraq immediately is that we are so intricately entangled in the whole ordeal that it is much more complicated than staying or going.  I feel the war has gone on long enough indeed.  Saying it's over doesn't make it so.  The war will never be over until we slowly remove troops over time and start rebuilding by a different process - through diplomatic channels.  We can do more good for Iraq from far away than we can by staying smack in the middle.  Sometimes you can't see the forest through the trees - we are losing perspective and the big picture the longer we stay in Iraq.  What we need is to remover ourselves from the situation slowly and look at it objectively.  We need to remove the USA from the equation entirely - right now we are looking at Iraq in terms of life here, and trying to fix it so that it fits our image of what life should be like.  Instead, we need to look at life in Iraq now in terms of the way it has been previously.  It has changed indeed over the past few years but it will never be what we want it to, for the simple fact that Iraq is NOT the US and never will be.

I feel sad when I think about the war because I think it is a prime example of how emotion gets in the way of rationality.  Because everyone was so riled up and angry after 9-11, Bush was able to raise enough support for a war against Iraq.  This move had probably been considered by politicians for years, but the time was finally right.  We now not only had economic issues at stake in Iraq, but also humanitarian ones with Saddam Hussein's abuses and security ones with the weapons of mass destruction.  As a country, we made bad decisions during that time.  Now we need to do what is necessary to change our image in the eyes of the world, and to prove that we can be rational and mature.  We need to be responsible, to admit that this has gone too far, and to ask for intervention on the part of the UN to mediate relations between us and Iraq because the direct route isn't working, and hasn't worked for a long time.  When something isn't getting you the results expected, "change is the future", don't just "stay the course".

