I have a problem with the legalization of marijuana both in theory and in practicality.  In theory, people argue that marijuana has similar effects to alcohol so if alcohol is legal, marijuana should be too.  In reality, marijuana's effects are NOT the same as alcohol's.  Marijuana is an unclassified drug: it has characteristics of a halluicogen and narcotic, among others.  Alcohol is simply a depressant - it slows down the body's nervous system and thought processes.  Marijuana, on the other hand, has different effects on different people, and affects many different parts of the brain.  It does not simply slow reaction time, but works in many different ways to change a person's perception.

People also argue that cigarettes, which contain the harmful and addictive drug nicotene, are legal, so why not joints?  I say not only should smoking joints remain illegal, but eventually cigarettes should me made illegal as well.  Nobody wants to get cancer from other sources, like radiation, so they make the government heavily control them.  In the meantime, smokers are diagnosed with and die of lung cancer every day.  Alcohol causes health problems of its own, but at least an alcoholic can't give one of his family members secondhand alcohol poisoning or liver disease.  Smoking in general is a public health risk, and I don't see why we should add to that with a substance as questionable as marijuana.

Even if the idea sounded good in theory, in practicality it would never fly.  Police already have a hard enough time regulating dug traffiking in major cities like Denver - now we're going to add on the additional element that suddenly everyone over 21 has become a potential dealer.  The rate of sales of drugs to minors will skyrocket as it becomes easier and easier for them to get their hands on it, and kids will start smoking and getting addicted to pot younger and younger.  Rates of high school graduation will probably decline significantly.  I say we should make it as hard as possible for kids to get their hands on substances which are illegal for them... whether alcohol or marijuana.

Plus, who is going to regulate whether or not the "allotted amount" of pot is used wisely?  It's going to make the jobs of police that much harder to pull over every drunk or high driver on the highways, and new regulations and laws will have to be set into place to determine the legal blood content of marijuana.  Plus, how would amounts be regulated?  And what is to stop a man from buying his allowance of pot in one store, and then going next door and getting more so he can sell it?  Leagalizing marijuana opens a Pandora's box of problems that the legislative and judicial systems just don't have the resources to fix right now.  It will just end up a big headache and the right will be revoked in a few years.  Legalizing marijuana is just giving young people one more way to get into trouble, and the government one more hassle.

