    The Catholic Church is one of the most conservative and regressive groups in the world.  They act like they are separate from the rest of civilization.  For one, the Cathiolic Church is not inclusive when it comes to other groups.  For example, they are entirely opposed to gay people as a people, let alone allowing them to marry.  They like to downplay their views against it, but it is a fact that they see homosexuality as a sin.  Could you imagine being considered a sinner for having curly hair?  Homosexuality is a genetic trait, not a life choice.  The Catholic Church either does not understand this, or does not care to know the truth.  Thee reason for this, in my opinion, is that they are afraid to admit they were wrong for taking such a hard stance against homosexuality.  They try to doctrinize everything they say or do, because after all, the pope is infallible, right?  The Catholic Church is such a backwards organization.  Whatever they proclaim, others must accept - no questions asked.
    In today's world, science plays an enormous role.  In the scientific community, one must have evidence to support one's conclusion.  Not so with the Catholic Church.  They say things are the way they are because "God said so."  This method of thinking is completely ridiculous.  No one even knows if there is a God to begin with.  The Catholic Church could be living in a fantasy world. 
    The Catholic Church has a dogma known as "transsubtantiation."  According to this dogma, the eucharistic bread and wine is actually the body and blood of Jesus Christ - not a symbol thereof.  No one is going to tell me that bread and wine magically becomes human flesh and blood when a priest consecrates it.  It can be a symbol, but it is still bread and wine.
    The entire pedophilia scandal confuses me.  Why have so many priests been guilty of molesting young boys?  There is a definite trend, but I need to know the reason why before I can come to a conclusion.  My feeling is that any human being, priest or not, needs some form of sexual satisfaction.  That is simply that way the human body is.  For priests, who are required to stay celibate, the easiest way to get this satisfaction without anyone knowing about it, is to molest young boys.  If priests were allowed to marry, they would be fully able to satisfy their carnal desires.  But no, the Catholic Church still relies upon the teachings of St. Augustine, who said that taking pleasure in sex in sinful.  Its 2006.  Let priests marry.  They would be happier, and they wouldn't be so inclined to molest boys.  Wanting to have sex is not a sin - its human nature.  But apparently the Catholic Church is above human nature too.
