   One of the most recent headlines involved he bipartisan Iraq Study Group, who recently published a report which emanded several things that go against Bush's agenda.  The report called for a definite timetable (15 months I believe) for the complete removal of American troops from Iraqi soil, as well as direct interaction with Iran and Syria.  Obviously, this group feels that the war has gone on long enough, and that it is time for the Iraqis to take the matters of their country into their own hands.
    There should never have been a war.  President Bush invaded Iraq under false pretenses.  He claimed possession of proof that Saddam Hussein, the leader of Iraq, was in possesion of weapons of mass destruction.  However, no such weapons were ever discovered.  And what about the nations who actually admit to owmning nuclear weapons? Shouldn't we invade them too?  Well, the U.S. can't invade itself, but what about North Korea?  It seems to me that there was obviously much more behind this invasion.  Bush also made this war into a war against terrorism, playing on the angry emotions still left over from the terror attacks of September 11th, 2001.  But most of the terrorists came from Saudi Arabia and countries other than Iraq.  I think that oil and money were the reasons for the invasion of Iraq.
   Bush also advocated the spread of democracy as a goal of this war.  If he knew his U.S. history, he should know that almost 100 years after the Revolutionary war, the United States was still fighting against itself.  Democracy takes time, and it takes even longer when it is forced upon people.
 So many American soldiers have died in Iraq.  No more should have to die.  But if the U.S. pulls out too soon, what did thousands of American soldiers die for?
  I think that President Bush has demonstrated several errors in judgement  throughout his two terms.  In his military decisions and in his appointments of advisors he has chosen quite disasterously.  Therefore, I think it would be wise to follow the reccomendations of the Iraq Study Group.
