What is the purpose of the Church?  What is the role of any religious institution?  I think that religion builds faith, and faith is something that becomes part of a person.  The Catholic Church is a foundation for the lives of many of its members.  Church doctrine and Church teachings remain a source of constancy and stability in a fast-paced, unpredictable world.  The  Church holds many opinions based upon these beliefs and these teachings that find a great of opposition in the 21st century.  The doctrine of the Church is pro-life in all situations; it is against abortion and the death penalty.  I certainly hope that these stances do not change.
   You see, the foundation and the heart of the Catholic Church is the teachings of Jesus, and these have endured for 2,000 years and hopefully will endure for 2,000 more.  The Church interprets these teachings and applies them to the contemporary world.  This is the role of the Church, a role that I do not think should change.
    However, The Catholic Church is so much more than doctrine.  The institution of the Church, the hierarchy that governs it, is completely composed of men.  This I do have a problem with.  For an institution that advocates the dignity of every human person and equality among them, where is the dignity and equality within their own walls?
    It is important to note  however, that women play a very important role on a smaller scale, in the everyday activities of individual parish communities.  Because there is a lack of Catholic priests, lay people in general have taken on more religious and administrative responsibilities, and many of these lay people are women.  But we cannot ignore the fact that women are not allowed to become deacons, priests, bishops, cardinals, or pope.  There are several other religions that allow women to hold positions of leadership.  Protestant Churches have female priests.  I can only see the inclusion of women as beneficial to the Church, especially since there is such a shortage of priests.  Also, I find it much harder to believe that any women would wstand by quietly while they knew a fellow male priest was sexually abusing young children.  Perhaps these atrocities would have been discovered much sooner with women in some sort of position of power.
    Should priests be allowed to marry?  The Protestant religions allow this.  The Catholic Church in rare circumstances allows this.  For example, if a married Protestant minister converts to Catholicism and wishes to become a priest, he is usually allowed to do so.  Maybe there would be more priests if they were generally allowed to be married.  But I agree with the Catholic Church on this point.  A priest, and any other person who belongs to religious order, must be willing to devote his entire life in service of God and the people of the Church. I just don't think that they would be able to do that if they also had the responsibility of a family.  The teachings of the Catholic Church should not adapt to the fast-paced, self-absorbed world of the 21st century.  But the institution is a few decades behind in the implementation of equality between the sexes.
