I attended a Loyola Alive meeting two weeks ago that facilitated a discussion about the movie "The Cider House Rules" and the topic of abortion.  The movie takes place during the 1940's, a time when abortion was illegal.  It became obvious that one of the points that the film-maker was trying to make had to do with the rules women were forced to obey, rules that were made by men who knew nothing about abortion.  The leader of the discussion asked us this question: "What is so unique about the new Speaker of the House?"  And the answer is of course, that Nancy Pelosi is the first female Speaker of the House of Representatives in the history of the United States.  And men still greatly outnumber women in both the House and the Senate.  There has never been a female President, or Vice President, or Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.  Condaleezza Rice is only the 2nd female Secretary of State.

If the U.S. government, the most important and the most prominent institution in this country, is still dominated by men, then yes, gender discrimination against women is a very real problem that exists in our society.

In several career fields, such as engineering and the military, men also dominate.  My dad is an engineer, and he always comments about the lack of women in powerful positions.  He used to tell me it was a good thing that I didn't want to be an engineer, because it was very difficult for women to gain respect in the field.  Obviously the military is mostly made up of men.  Indeed there are many people who feel that women should never have been allowed to join the military at all, and many more who believe that women should never be part of a draft (if another one were to occur).

Even in such a high-profile industry as the the sports business, women are discriminated against.  For example, female tennis players receive less prize money than male tennis players for the same Grand Slam tournaments.

Gender discrimination is not specific to women however.  Men experience it too.  Though they are more likely to encounter it in the educational system.  Studies have shown that the two sexes learn in different ways and respond better to different teaching methods.  Studies have also shown that teachers tend to cater to the learning needs of young girls and encourage them more than young boys.  Because it was the girls who were for so long at a disadvantage in the classroom, today teachers tend to (usually unconsciously) overcompensate.  It's not that they deliberately neglect the boys, but that they are trying so hard educate the girls well, and NOT ignore them.  Indeed the numbers of boys going on to higher education is dwindling. Here at Loyola College the student population is at least 60% female, and this is common in colleges throughout the country.  Boys have special education needs and they are not being met.

School administrations need to keep a closer eye on their teachers and the classroom environment that they create.  They should educate teachers about the various methods of teaching.

In order to fight gender discrimination against women in the workplace, the government must enforce stricter regulation of hiring practices and harsher punishments.

The most important thing in the fight against gender discrimination is the recognition that it is still a very real issue in today's society.
