So obviously, I am against gender discrimination.  You can’t really be for discrimination in our day and age without getting yelled at for it.  But there does still exist, even if subconsciously, gender stereotypes that often don’t allow women to “make it” in todays business community.  However, a certain balance must be found between allowing equal opportunities while not giving women more chances and opportunities than males.  Thats right, in many different situations today, there are cases of reverse discrimination.  This is not the direction we want to take our country. 
A lot of this “more power to females than males” is coming from feminist activists who are so proud to be woman that they forget that we are all people.  One of the worst of the bunch is Mary Daly, who believes in thecomplete seperation of males and females in todays society, and would go even further to say that the planet would be much better without males.  What kind of insanity is driving this woman?  I completely agree with female rights but all you ladies out there, feminists are making your gender look like idiots!  be proud to be a woman, be proud to be a human, but just because youve been scorned to by too many a man in your life, dont take it out on all of us. 
Something else that needs to be considered in the gender debate is the role of the woman in the family.  Many women want to get as far as they can in the business world but at the same time want to have a family and children.  While I absolutely believe that woman should not face a glass ceiling because of their gender, we have to look at the situation from another point of view: that of the children.  Shouldnt the child have the right to have a nurturing mother and family?  Think how screwed up kids are gonna be in half a century when they are raised by their housekeepers and nursery schools and never have much contact with their parents.  I’m not saying here that women shouldnt be allowed to have high paying jobs if they are going to have kids, but a balance has to be made and priorities have to be established.  In this regard, I don’t believe that pure equality between genders will ever be reached.  I believe there are fundamental differences between men and women and that men and women should play different roles within the families and thus never exactly be equal.  However, we should try as hard as we can to reach the best equality that we possibly can.
This is obviously quite a rambling discussion on gender discrimination, but seeing as the issue itself is not easily defined, i guess it is okay. 

