I have mixed feelings on the Catholic Church.  Most of the reason for this is because I don’t really care at all about it.  I don’t like religion on a whole, basically believing that if one wants a relationship with God, it should be more personal and less through a religious institution.  That being said, I believe however that the church is very useful for some people, and has done a great many good things for many people.  It’s just not for me.
If i were to join a religious group however, I would not join the Catholic Church.  It is too ritualistic and traditionalist for my liking, and a little too conservative policy-wise.  When it comes down to issues, though, I don’t really care about whether or not they have female priests, or if priests can get married and have children.  It’s not my business to tell the pope or priests what they should do.  Besides, I feel that it is necessary in any situation to have people on both sides of issues.  I mean, if we didn’t have liberals and conservatives in America, we wouldn’t be the same country.  Argument between progressivism and traditionalism is absolutely necessary to make progress.  I don’t really like liberals or conservatives, I think they are both wrong and full of crap, but I’m glad we have both of them.  I feel the same with the church.  I don’t like the Catholic Church, but I feel it is necessary to have them, and to have a more conservative, traditional church so that newer, more liberal churches do not forget about the history of Christianity.
However, what I do have a problem with is how big the Catholic Church is.  Most Catholics believe they are the “true” Christianity and don’t believe that other branches in the World Council of Churches are as Christian as they are.  This is completely wrong.  While I would certainly like to throw some branches of Christianity out (like Jehovah’s Witnesses or Baptists)  I feel like certain weight should be placed on the influence of both the Catholic Church and other churches of the world.  And with how many times the Catholic church has screwed up over the years, it really shouldn’t be acting like hot shit.  It ain’t.  Basically what I’m trying to say is: If the catholic church isn’t willing to change, maybe they should stop acting like they are the most important people on the world in Gods eyes.  I don’t really know how to word what I’m trying to say here, but I hope it’s understand. 

