I’ve been an avid proponent for the legalization of marijuana for several years now and would like to expound on several points brought up by the discussion starter. The beginning paragraphs mentions marijuana’s legalization in other countries and later mentions that legalizing would reduce the stigma of the forbidden drug, but fails to draw a comparison between these points. What I mean is, the legalization of marijuana in European countries such as the Netherlands and Switzerland has significantly reduced the percentage of teen smokers. Now surely, if it were legalized in the U.S., a short term increase in use would most probably occur, but in the long run it would bring teen drug use down.
However, while teen use and abuse of the drug is one of the main arguments against legalization for medical purposes, I would argue that marijuana should be legalized altogether, not only as medicine. Opponents of the drug cite long term health problems and psychological addictions as reasons for continued criminality of the drug, not to mention the belief that it is a “gateway” drug (a drug that leads to use of harder, more addicting drugs). However, none of these arguments are very compelling.
Firstly, the long term health problems mentioned aren’t even proven scientifically as of now, and no scientific evidence even supports the grounds that marijuana can lead to lung cancer or other debilitating diseases. Even if there is a possibility of these long term problems, they would only be evident in heavy smokers (those who smoke several times a week) and even then, the tobacco in cigarettes is more dangerous. However, with a booming tobacco industry in America, criminalization of cigarettes would never even be considered by the U.S. government.
Secondly, opponents have invented this bogus term “psychologically addicting” to further demonize the use of the drug. However, in simple terms, “psychologically addicting” means nothing other than that the pleasure received from doing an activity induces one to do this activity again. Hell, the first time I ate ice cream I liked it. In fact, I liked it so much I ate it again, and then ate it subsequent times after the second eating. Does that mean I’m psychologically addicted to ice cream? I don’t think so. If something is going to be labeled as addicting, then there has to be examples of users trying to quit but either reverting back to use or going through symptoms of withdrawal. This simply is just not the case with marijuana. If someone seriously wants to quit smoking, there’s literally none of the hassle that would be involved in alcohol, tobacco, etc…
Lastly, opponents also call marijuana a gateway drug, saying that it leads to harder drugs. However, the statistics for these allegations are completely convoluted. Sure, cocaine and heroin addicts smoked pot before they moved on to more addicting drugs, but this doesn’t mean anything. If marijuana didn’t exist as a drug, statistics for cocaine and heroin use wouldn’t change, and instead of smoking pot first, the addicts would simply try a harsher drug first. We should, in fact, be thankful that marijuana exists as a cultural vent for experimentation, because if truly 40% of the population has tried it, then without it’s existence, those experimenters would be messing around with much more dangerous and addictive drugs.  Let’s thank God that 40% of the population hasn’t smoked rocks.
One last point…
Deaths attributed to marijuana use: 0
Deaths attributed to alcohol use: too many to count 

