Four years ago, when the US originally invaded Iraq, most of America didn’t know anything about the country.  Most people knew it was in the Middle East, which was the same area that the 9/11 terrorists originated, and we believed what we were told: that this would be short war with remarkable results for our country’s safety and economy.  Even now, half our country can’t find Iraq on a map.  But now at least the majority of our country is in agreement that we made a mistake in entering.  Theres little use arguing in hindsight over motivations for entry or political corruption; now that we’re in, we need to figure out how to get out.  Sure, we could spend time and money to impeach the president and start afresh, but its so late in his presidency that it would just be a waste.
 Surely, Bush will not back down.  He believes strongly in this war, for whatever reason, and theres really no budging at all until his term runs out.  Hopefully our next president (with our new congress) will takes steps in the right direction.  And my personal opinion is that the first step should be withdrawal.  Its time to reverse ”diplomacy is dead,” because now war has failed and maybe its time to show our enemies that we are a compassionate country, not an imperialist one.  Not only is continued occupation taking a toll on our soldiers and economy, but a recent survey of Iraqis showed that the majority of their country opposed occupation and found reconstruction efforts minimal and insufficient.  Perhaps it is time to give them what they want and leave.  We can still support their government and country without forcing democracy on them.  Simply put, democracy does not mix well at all with Islamic countries.  It is a western ethic that doesnt mesh with the values of their religion and has been proven again and again not to work.  Lets stop trying to Americanize the middle east.  And the first step towards that is the removal of our troops from their country.   

just to make some comments on what ive heard people say…
yes, we need to support our president.  if a country isnt united we simply arent strong and are even more susceptible to attack.  However, we voted for a president, not a king.  the presidents primary function should be to serve and protect his country.  if he doesnt have the support of his country and doesnt do what the people want him to do, than how is this a democracy?  we act like we are spreading “freedom” to the middle east but i dont think we even know what that means.  in basic democratic theory, if a leader isnt serving the people then the people have the right to revolt and depose of him.  i agree this isnt the right thing to do right now, but if we dont voice our opinions and concerns, what kind of democracy are we?  the fact that we can “not support our president”  is a real demonstration of freedom and is a much better option than just blindly supporting whatever measure of shit our president gets stuck in.
to comment on the medias role in all of this…people tend to believe that the media has a negative slant and doesnt mention the positive things about this war.  oh wait, thats right.  were in a war.  war isnt positive.  if 200 people die everyday in a war, whats the positive part? that we moved our forces a little bit?  please tell me what the positive things are because im really interested.  and dont bother mentioning saddam.  if you enter a small country with a ridiculously superior force and dont manage to capture or kill the only nameable enemy you entered to find, then maybe you should stop invading countries.  oh wait. hold up. thats what happened in afghanistan. we went in to find bin laden (the actual terrorist behind 9/11) and OH NO WE STILL HAVENT FOUND HIM.  besides this, however, 58% of Iraqis recently polled have found reconstruction efforts to be minimal or nonexistent. so what are we doing in here? have there been positives?  please inform me.
so, im sorry if i offended anyone with my sarcasm.  however, i just watched bush give a press conference on the war on terror and it reminded how much i cant wait for the next election. 

