I wanna start off by saying that I don’t care about gay people at all…in a good way.  I do not care what they do and I do not care if they get married.  I personally don’t agree with gay relationships, but if two men or two women want to get married my personal feelings have nothing to do with it.  Neither should the feelings of the conservations who find fault with them.  They argue that the sanctity of the church has been violated.  To this I say: if you don’t think the sanctity of your church has already been violated by hundreds of years of corrupt popes and priests, then you are a naive Christian.  So you don’t think gays should be allowed to marry but your priests touch little boys? Sweet.
In the discussion starter, morality of the family is mentioned,and while I certainly agree that family is important, this has nothing to do with gays being allowed to marry.  You can’t ban a certain type of relationship in the country because it doesnt promote good moral behavior.  There is nothing immoral, legally wise about same sex relationships.  Sure, you can find stuff in the Bible about why its bad, but the Bible holds no place in government.  Clearly one thing that is great about America, that most everyone will agree with on some level, is that our country was founded on the concept of freedom.  However, the conservatives (who seem to be the ones talking about freedom the most) have forgotten what it is.  So why are we denying homosexals the liberties enjoyed by the rest of us? Hell, even death row inmates are allowed to get married, and they’re about to die for severe crimes.  I guess thats just saying something about what freedom really is in this country.
One last point is that I dont agree with gay relationships.  I dont understand them and I dont like that they are doing something anatomically incorrect.  I feel they are misguided, that maybe if they gave the other sex a whirl they might just like it.  HOWEVER, I do not want to obstruct their liberties. Its not my place.  Hell, I think most conservatives are wrong, but I still think they should be allowed to vote.  I have several gay friends, one of which has been my good friend since almost I was born.  We’re still great friends and while it freaks me out that he likes to touch other dudes, I don’t have a problem with it.  He can keep doing what he does even though I think its wierd.  I mean, my roommate reads anime and I think thats weird and a waste of time, but that bitch can read anime all he wants, I dont give a care.  That’s whats great (or rather, what should be great) about this country. 

