On the whole, I feel that the right to privacy is one of the most fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution.  When it comes down to the battle between freedom and security, I think Benjamin Franklin said it best when he said “Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.”  We should be able to, as citizens, conduct our business and do what we want (within the restrictions of the law) without fear of being monitored by the government.  On this point, fine lines cannot be drawn.
However, when it comes to genetic privacy, the lines are a little harder to see.  Sure, health insurance companies shouldn’t be allowed to see information about your family history, in order to either deny you coverage or raise your rates, but if there is genetic information that you are withholding, sometimes the fault is in your hands.  By this I mean, if you are applying for a high stress manual labor job and fail to tell your employers that you have heart problems (god knows why you would take this job if you had heart problems, bear with me) then how is this any different than withholding from your employers that you spent the last five years in jail, or that you are pregnant?  The point is, when you are applying for a job, your employer wants to pick the best person for the job, and does not want to pick someone who is more likely to have a health problem or just not be the right person.  This isn’t genetic discrimination, this is simply economics.  If an employer chooses a male over a female simply because he’s sexist and doesn’t think a female can do the job, that’s discrimination.  If he picks a male over a female because the female is six months pregnant and can only work 2 more before leaving for a year on maternity, that’s not.
Am I trying to say that all our genetic information should be made public? No.  But finer lines have to be drawn and regulations must be made before taking any more steps towards the release of our DNA information.

