I again agree that the church needs to change, however, I also belive that some of the traditions need to be kept. While I do find it somewhat difficult to accept that everything one man says goes in a society where everyone is raised in the ideas of democracy and collaborative decisions, in a way I also like having the Pope as the head of the church. I like that he is there to make sure that all of the churches across the world are teaching the same readings at every service and are giving the same answers to questions that are universally asked. This to me, cuts back on the questionablility of the church, because it is all the same and there are no differences that are sloshed about from congrigation to congrigation. This is not to say that I necessarily agree with every thing though, because I certainly don’t.I am not quite sure if I believe that woman should be priests or not…I guess I feel that they should maybe be called something differnt other than priests, but still be able to give communion. Or maybe they can be priests, not really sure on that area…I do know that I would probably be a little wierded out if i saw one as a priest giving communion at a catholic church, just becuase it has never happened before. 
I do however, strongly feel as if priests should be able and have the opportunity to be married again. THe only reason whey this privilage was taken away in the past was back in the day when the corruption occured in the catholic church (just as corruption has occured in every possible other religion.) But the priests and bishops were not paying any attention to their duties as priests and bishops and were paying more attention to thier personal lives. THat is why the law was made, but I feel as if we have definatly overcome this obstical and can now handel our priests getting married again. This is a huge reason why we do not have as many people being ordaned, because many would be priest also want families and so they usually opt for the family. I know that is the case for my father’s freind. He wanted a family and so found something else he enjoyed doing to take on as his career and instead stared a family.
These are the reasons why I think the church needs to change, but also find a balance in how to still stay a bit of the same. I feel as if we should still have a Pope, but have it so that his word is not the final and only word. That again, it is more of a president type figure and a democracy running religion. I like the basic set up of the Catholic religion, and I also like how they are very tollerant of other people’s religions and views, and accept what they believe in instead of automatically trying to change them. This is not to say that they do not spread the word of God to those that wish to listen and learn, because they do, but they do not force people into it. A lot of times people who are not Catholic, and probably even some people who are Catholic, think that they condem those who are not Catholic or push people into Catholism, but this is not the case at all. That is one aspect of the church that I really like. So I do believe that the church has a bit of adjusting to do, but does not need to get rid of all of its traditions, thoughts, ideas, customs,…etc.

