On the idea that there is gender discrimination, I believe that this idea of equallity will actually never be fully reached. I know that for most workers, the prefered idea of a boss is a male, thus there is always a glass ceiling affect that keeps women in the work force from getting ahead and being able to obtain jobs of high posistions. In a way, I can understand that most workers would prefer a male as the head of a company that has to deal with construction or IBM type corporations, because usually the idea is that if you are female and do hold such a high position in a company such as this, you are probably very pushy and possibly a bit “butchy”. This is the idea, mind you, not what is actually the case. However, it is also funny to think that if you are the head of a decorating company and you are a male then you must be gay. This again is the universal common thought, not what is actually the case. I just find it commical how some genders are expected to act if given certain responcibilites, when in fact they individuals and should not be stereotyped.
Another area that I find very interesting about gender discrimination is the idea that women think that just because they can bear children they should feel the need to voice out their oppinions on whether or not they can have abortions or not. If one thinks about it they claim that it is discrimination against them when they are told what they can and can not do with their bodies. THis is not the whole story though. Most people who argue against it are not argueing agians the women themselves, but against the idea that the women are in fact making a desision to kill someone. It actually goes back to the fact of some people believeing in from the moment of conception, there is a living person inside of the female, and thus they should not be th soul determiners of weather or not the baby gets to live or dye. The females who often argue on the idea of abortion ofthen do not think of it as killing anyone, so really this whole argument of gender discrimination is a front for what the true matter is.
I do find it sad how now a days our society is getting to accept the idea that women can have children out of wedlock and still be ok on their own. While, I do respect women who are able to rais a child and hold down a job at the same time, i feel as if it is sad that the child only has one parent as a role model instead of two. I realize that there are many  valid reasons for not marying into a marraige, even if there is a child present, yet, if this is the case, why did they decide to have a child together? In my oppinion, it is best to wait until you know that you have found your right partner, and then have children, instead of out of wedlock.
There is another idea that men should be the soul providors for a family, yet as evident today, this is so often not the case anymore. More and more families are having both parents work. This is nice, because it shows that women can do things outside of the home other than just raise a family and take care of the house. I do find it sad, though, how sometimes, when the role is reversed…men stay at home and the women is the soul providor, that it is looked down upon. I do not feel as if this should be the case, yet it is just such the opposite of what everyone has grown up thinking that many people can not grasp this new concept. I hope that for the future this is one area that everyone can accept more in society.
I guess when one really lookes at the idea of gender discrimination, it really often has to deal with other outside issues that influence the ideas on top of what “gender” issue is being talked about. So the whole idea really goes deeper then one thinks of pure cut and dry gender. 

