I believe that gay marraige is something that will probably be debated about for a while. Personally, I feel that if a couple of the same sex wishes to “get married” that is ok…except that it should not be called a marraige.  A marraige is between a man and a woman, but dont get me wrong here, I still think same sex couples should be able to be together. The reason why I think it should be called something different though, other than that a marraige is defined as a union between a man and a woman, is because I feel that if it were called the same, people of the church, and other religions (I do realize that we all mainly hear about just the christians, but believe me, there are tons of other religions out there just as opposed to it..we just dont hear about them b/c out president is christian)…would get offended and feel as if thier religion was getting mocked or stepped upon. Now i realize that this would not be the intent at all, but I am just saying how it would be viewed by the christinans and other religions, so that is why i am saying that I believe it is fine for there to be same sex couples unionized, but to come up with a different word (even different then union) to signify thier “marraige”.
I would also like to say, that I agree that it is not right to make amendments about one’s sexual orientations in either direction. That is a personal choice. I would also like to say, that while i feel it is fine for same sex couples to get “married” for lack of a better word…I am not sure if i feel that they should really be raising children together. The reason for my thought is because children learn by example, so even if they were not gay themselves when born (which is a whole nother argument that i will not address right here) they will still see the behavior and perhaps get steered in that direction. Now I realize that the comment that I just made will get loud opposals, but I have to say, that I have TONS of freinds, and people that I look up to as roll modles, who are in fact gay,…some of these people having children. However, I have also noticed, that these children are all turning out to grow up and be gay themselves too..some of them being adopted, so I do not feel that it is stricktly biological. But again, I also see that they are provided with a very loving family…so I guess you could say that I am still on the fence with this issue.
Over all, I feel as if same sex unions are ok, as long as they are not pushed so much into one’s face….you dont really see heterosexual couples pushing it into other people’s faces, so i feel as if both types of unions should be treated the same in this regard. 

