While I agree with the two privious posts on some points, on others, I find it very difficult to argee with. Yes I believe that I too am of very little significance to the world in that my life is not as glamorous to watch as Brad Pitt’s, and that I find it very disrespectful for poporatzi to follow these famous people around and snap shots of every little thing they do. In Europe, I believe there is a law about this, and that the laws in place to protect people of fame are more heavily followed and carried out. However, when it comes to the aspect of monitoring everything I personally do, I am not to sure I agree with this point.
The Patriot Act is said that help protect our nation from possible terrorist attacts in the furture. This is great in my oppinion, but what happens to all of those other people who were listened upon in order to catch the terrorist? I guess one could argue that what they dont know does not hurt them, because those listening in on conversations no longer have to announce to the speakers they are their because the government has agreed to this, but what if you could never have any time to onesefl ever?
I this act starts to remiend me of that book “1984” by George Orwell, where “Big Brother” was always watching. Pretty soon if we are not careful what ends up happening in the book will happen in real life “for our protection” of coure. We will be having telivision monitors in our every room that also act as cameras to watch what we are doing. We will only be allowed to do certain things, such as write for a certain amount of time before we have to stop, because otherwise we could be cooking up a plane to destroy our country. Like in the book, we might even be required to attened group meetings where we all chant together and say how much we hate our attackers, and while this last point may seem un-intruding, it really is, because it is intruding into our thoughts and words. We are being told what to say and think, which is a form of privacy being taken away (our own thoughts and words).
Also, most often the people who are being monitored are those of a certain desent, such as mussulem. This is not right for this group of people to be singled out and monitored for “suspicious” behavior. A normal english looking white guy could be just as corrupt as the true terrorist, yet we are not paying him any mind, because we don’t think he is a threat because his skin is not dark enough. This is all blandergash! One should not have to deal with more of thier privacy being taken away simply on the basis of skin color, or nationality. It is in a way almost lumping all of these people togeter, like we did during WWII to the Japanees, only now we are lumping the together and not telling them even this…yet they are still bound like the Japanese were.
All in all, I belive that privacy is extreemly important, and that if one can not act and be a part of a country without trust then we as a nation have a problem. 

