In the recent weeks of talking about such subjects such as legalizing Marijuana, I have to say that as of right now I am very much on the fence with this one. I agree that in compairison to alcohol it does not seem as harsh in that your liver does not dye and while your judgments are impaired, most people I have talked to say that it is a different type of impairment in compairison to alcohol. I myself can make no such claim having never smoked it.
It is also proven, like the discussion starter has stated, that it helps to aliviat the pain in cancer and glaucoma patines, and also helps to increase appitie in those that seem to loose it, such as sufferers of AIDS and other sicknesses.
However, it also seems to have many side affects. I can personally say that I have noticed changes in some of my fellow classmates when they start to smoke marijuana. Many of them are not as sharp as they used to be, or as quick on thier feet to answer questions. I also know that the fact that you are smoking it results in the same fassion as a cigarett. You can get cancer in the lungs, throat, and have your teeth turn yellow. One’s eyes aslo become very bloodshot looking after smoking, and it is known to leave some people with visions or hallusinations. It dose affect ones’ judgments, and reation speeds, and would only lead to more car crashes on the road because now one has to worry about drunk and high drivers.  All of these facts lead to the very negative side of the drug.
On the other hand, many people already smoke the drug and probably already drive high. The drug being illegal only makes for a profit on the black market and the underground, and in reality it would help the country financially. If Marijana was made leagal, then the country could put taxes on it, just like cigaretts, and they could export it to other countries and gain a huge proffit off of it. It could probably help get our country out of debt actually, it being the “tobacco plant” of the 21st century.
It would cut down on mob wars, because it would be legal, and it would also stop some of the drug trafficing from mexico to the USA. Poor farmers would also probably benifit from it exceedinly well.
For all of these reason, I am on the fence. On the one hand it seems as if there are many many positive aspects, and on the other hand, I have been taught that it is just wrong to do or take for one’s body. I almost feel as if it should be legalized, just so that it can be regulated better, and create a proffit for the United States. Also, it could be extreemly well publicized that it is not so good for one’s body just like the warning on cigarett packages. Either way to look at the issuse of legalizing it or not becomes very tricky. 

