People in this country can’t even get over the fact that humans come in different colors and shapes. There is discrimination EVERYWHERE in this “land of the free and the home of the brave”, along the lines of race, gender, sexual orientation, body type, and a myriad of other factors. If you need proof, look at the racial, genetic, and area wage gaps in our supposed “land of golden opportunity”. The LAST thing we need is to add another discriminatory quality to our list of prejudices.
Humans don’t get to choose the specifics of the body/situation they are born into. We have even less control over what our genetic makeup will be! If we are to start discriminating along the lines of DNA, we will be LOSING all the potential that those with “bad genes” have to offer. Society would be hindered if we denied opportunities to those people; they undoubtedly have just as many essential ideas/capabilities as genetically “normal” people do. Besides, whether or not someone is genetically predisposed to a certain kind of cancer has NO BEARING on their ability/inability to actively contribute!
We have gotten along just fine WITHOUT genetic discrimination, and I’d bet that a fair number of society’s most active benefactors wouldn’t have been allowed to be such if “genetic” tests were a reality. We have SERIOUS class issues in America. There is already enough inequity and injustice in this country. Wide spread DNA testing would only accentuate these class issues, giving those who “pass” even more undeserved entitlement than our rich and powerful already have, and giving those who “fail” even less to start with than our currently marginalized. This would just give our nuveau-riche one more reason to bask naively in their own greatness.
Is someones’s “health risk” potentiality a sufficient condition for denying them opportunities to thrive? Are our corporate health insurance premiums really so important to us that we are willing to preclude ALL persons with certain genetic characteristics from participating in society? If so, that disgusts me. If DNA testing is made a reality, it will just illustrate our society’s declining community values, and reinforce our “American” tendency to label ourselves “exceptional”. This is one of the most self-serving, trashy, and disgusting ideas I have ever heard. If it goes through, I will lose a LOT of faith in our government’s ability to effectively serve its citizens, and gain a sense that our politico-economic power structure is really just serving itself. 

