Different CULTURES gradually define which attitudes they will or won’t accept. Things like sex, gender roles, education, work ethic, marriage, etc. are esteemed differently in different societies. Such attitudes are subject to change, however, especially when empowered groups of citizens put forth an effort to change them.
During World War II (and into the cold war), the prevailing American family image was that of the “nuclear family”. Society more or less MANDATED (at least for suburbanized white people) that fathers be breadwinners, mothers stay at home and bear 2.4 children, and people marry early for security (from those damn reds). Anyone who strayed (by not marrying, divorcing, etc) was estranged and labeled “outsider”. These “American” values were reinforced by mass media (i.e. popular mechanics vs. redbook), and most people attempted to pass them on to their children. In short, these people endorsed and strengthened the imposition of traditional gender roles. Women gradually grew dissatisfied with this setup, however, as their true potential was often underutilized in the housewife role.
Betty Friedan’s book “The Feminist Mystique” pretty much spells it all out. Friedan, in an admirably brave fit of non-conformism, provided hundreds of airtight arguments AGAINST the prevailing gender roles which American society imposed. Her “activism” mirrored other “activism” which was simultaneously going on, against Viet Nam, against drug laws, against parents, and pretty much against everything “societal” (i.e. hippies). This is an example of the “empowered citizens” I was talking about before.
I think it was only a matter of time before women broke out of arbitrary gender inequities. Unfortunately, like racism, gender inequity hasn’t fully been purged from our society, despite the efforts of many. However, the wage gap is closing, and women are breaking out of the house to work in droves.
What does trouble me is that a culture of “having kids early” exists disproportionately more in impoverished areas, putting stress on already broken public institutions (public schools, etc), and already depressed financial situations. Thats pretty bad. I think I hit 300 words now so I’m gonna end this here and go get my money. 

