Right now, the I don’t think the United States could handle the legalization of marijuana. Our current prohibition has brought us to a place where legalization would cause a BOOM in use. I’m not confident that our society could exercise moderation/self control right away, especially considering the impression of “novelty” which has come attached to its illegality (e.g. when teenagers rebel by doing “illegal” things), which wouldn’t necessarily disappear with legalization. This being said, pot puts a HUGE financial strain on our legal system… arrests, bookings, hearings, court fees, probation periods, and the like rack up a HUGE price tab. We must ask ourselves if our moral crusade against pot is worth the price tag of enforcement. To many Americans, including mostly all of my family, it certainly is. However, law enforcement agencies spend a whole lot of money/time chasing teenagers with weed while more serious crimes are being committed (and unaddressed) in other areas.  I’m not advocating municipal tax redistribution; I’m saying that the obscene amount of money spent on pot enforcement might be allocated better elsewhere.  What would that money do if it were spent on chasing rapists, muderers, or child molesters?  Is marijuana inherently evil to the point of being on par with these crimes?  I think that violent crimes deserve our attention more than pot smoking.  While I think legalization would be a step to far, I have heard some very convincing arguments for the DECRIMINALIZATION of marijuana.  If it were decriminalized, getting caught with pot would be more like a traffic ticket than a formal arrest.  Decriminalization represents a certain middle ground in this argument - we can cut down on enforcement costs yet simultaneously retain its illegality.  However, decriminalization might not satisfy those who adamantly oppose marijuana on moral or religious grounds.  They would say it is insufficient.  I suppose what it all comes down to is a few questions: does the government have sufficient power to decided what is and isn’t moral?  Is marijuana a social ill which threatens our society and truly requires an appropriate response?  Do the costs and benefits of marijuana enforcement weigh out sensibly?  Is marijuana’s illegal status a permanent thing, or will society eventually revisit this issue? 

