The Christian bible has a great number of stories which contain moral lessons, and as such, it is a valuable book to study. After reading the bible, we are supposed to love our neighbors, understand each other, be generous, act with love, and in turn, address many of society’s ills. While the Church has provoked a great deal of human suffering over the years, these lessons have also inspired a lot of good. The lessons in the bible are implicit, however, rather than explicit, and in the process of interpretation, they are all too often lost. Today, opportunistic post-Constintinian Christian politicians use their “convictions of faith” as a tool to increase their “appeal” to “faithful” voter populations. They hawk their “views” on issues such as abortion and gay marriage in exchange for single-issue “moral” votes. In turn, they try to polarize discourse over these issues into those “for” and those “against” the church, while not publically calling attention to MUCH MORE IMPORTANT ISSUES (global warming, petroleum dependency, etc). This is the sad state of affairs to which American Christianity has been reduced: a coercive marketing tool that drives our political machine toward polarized paralysis and drives ordinary citizens to clash with each other, sometimes violently.
I know that the Church wants to provide static traditions which do not die/change over time. Such consistency is a NOBLE goal. However, the world is constantly changing. Humanity is currently faced with an apocalyptic global warming crisis, terrifying global power-money politics, institutionalized racism, perpetual wars, suffering, and death. In order for the Church to retain any of my respect, IT NEEDS TO MAKE ADDRESSING THESE THINGS ITS FIRST PRIORITY. With more than just a papal bull or two, with overwhelming cries for social justice in a world which has left justice behind. If the Church doesn’t act to proliferate good in the world, it has lost sight of its original mission.
In terms of self-preservation, if the Church wishes to be a viable entity in contemporary America, it can’t cling to its antiquated views. I, like Frankie, do not care what the Church does. However, if the Church still wants to be around, it might have to stop being so stubborn… or else it will lose touch with many of its followers (cafeteria catholics etc). 

