            The question of whether gay marriage should be legal cannot be addressed without a clear understanding of what it means to be married.  The term marriage has many different connotations, usually associated with a man and woman, but really, a marriage can exist between people of any gender.  In my opinion, a marriage is intended as a way of formally, publicly, and legally stating one’s allegiance to another person.  Marriage is a way of expressing love and union.   Marriage is a pledge to stand by another person’s side through thick and thin, good times and bad. With this view of marriage in mind, it is impossible to deny homosexual couples the opportunity to marry.  If two people of the same sex love one another in the same way that a man and woman love one another, why should they not be given the same rights and privileges?
            One argument against gay marriage is that marriage is intended for procreation.  It may be true that many offspring are born as a result of marriage, but it is also true that our society allows for marriages that will not result in new births.  Such examples are infertile or elderly couples, who will not be having children, but are still allowed to get married.  Also, many unwed women are having children in today’s day and age, which means that marriage is not a necessity for procreation.  For these reasons, it is unfair to deny homosexual partners the chance to get married based on the fact that their union will not produce offspring.
            There is really no good reason to not allow gay couples to get married.  In an era where tolerance and acceptance are praised, it seems counterproductive to be so limiting in our views of homosexuals.  The only way to truly promote tolerance and justice is to be accepting of all other kinds of peoples, and to not oppress them by denying them rights.  To have gay marriage be illegal is a form of oppression, because it is inherently unfair and biased.  Therefore, it is very important to stay open-minded and permit legal marriages of gay couples. 

