The Catholic Church is so different from other Christian religions in that it can be very strict and unforgiving in its policies.  Many of these policies are rooted in tradition, but are not applicable to a modern society.  The Catholic Church needs to loosen up its rules and be more accepting of new ideas, instead of clinging to old ones that do not necessarily fit in the modern world.
One example of such a problem is the requirement of the Catholic Church that priests be celibate.  This is a policy that is not rooted in scripture, but in tradition.  This may have been beneficial in the past, but seems really outdated in today’s world.  By asking priests to remain celibate in a world where the majority of people are not, the Catholic Church is separating its priests from the rest of society.  This contrast between priests and the rest of the world shows that the expectations of the Catholic Church are not consistent with the expectations of society.  The church should work in harmony with the society it serves, and not counteract it by advocating different values.  It does not fill well into modern society to require the celibacy of priests, and this is an area where the Catholic Church is very outdated and needs to make some changes.
Another area in which the Catholic Church has unrealistic views is in requiring priests to be males.  Today’s world promotes gender equality, as there has been a consistent movement towards the acquisition of women’s rights.  Society is trying to promote acceptance and tolerance, and in some ways the Catholic Church is doing this, but it other ways, it is shutting its doors based on outward representations, such as gender.  Not allowing females to become priests is undoubtedly a form of gender discrimination, which counteracts nearly every other movement in society which is working towards gender equality, especially in the workplace.
The Catholic Church has much room for improvement if they want to fit in with the society they serve and the society which serves them.  Religion exists for the people, but if people are living lives vastly different from the lives which the religion advocates, the people will not be able to fully experience their religion.  It will be beneficial for both the people and the Church itself for the Catholic Church to loosen its stringent policies and become more in-touch with the modern world. 

