            Gender discrimination is very common in many places, including the United States.  The problems that we see as Americans in our own society are probably doubled or tripled in other countries where tradition has higher value, and gender roles are firmly rooted in the past.  Nonetheless, the issue of unevenness between males and females is a serious issue that should be addressed as quickly as possible.
            Feminism is a very popular belief that men and women should be treated as equals.  That is, there should be no preconceived prejudices about one sex or the other.  I think that most people would believe in the feminist cause, though few would be willing to admit it because of the connotation associated with feminism.  People associate feminists with being fiery zealots, and the word feminism recalls images of suffragists and public displays.  Women’s suffrage was but a milestone along the path of feminism, but it was one that has made an impression on people because of its significance and the way in which it was achieved.  Women’s suffrage was actually achieved in England during a period of war before it was achieved in the United States.  Perhaps the reason we today associate the suffrage movement with zealousness is that in order to make their cause heard in a time of war, women’s suffragists had to be loud and adamant about their cause.
            Though women’s suffrage was a very public and passionate movement, it is also possible to achieve steps towards the elimination of gender discrimination in more subtle ways.  Laws such as the Equal Pay Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act help make the public more conscious of the areas in which gender discrimination permeates to today.  The most obvious manifestation of this discrimination is in the workplace, which these acts target. With attention focused on this inequality, perhaps equality between men and women in the workplace can someday be achieved.  While the workplace is the most common and notable venue for gender discrimination, there are many other scenarios in which men and women can be treated unfairly.  Not all of these can be helped by laws, but they can all be helped by a better understanding of the problem of gender discrimination, its causes, and its consequences. 

