http://www.genome.gov/10002328 (i believe this is a clearer representation about what the starter was trying to say on genetic discrimination.)
there are pros and cons to any new technology (ask a history buff to explain the industrial revolution if you don’t believe me). that being said, one of pros *and* cons of new security technology is that it’s easier to get a hold of private information online. i would consider this a pro because patrolling online sites (such as Myspace) leads to the arrests of pedophiles and other disgusting people. however, since the patrol of these sites is much more common now (for a good reason), you simply have to be a little more careful with the information you decide to put online. personally, i have no problem giving up a little privacy/freedom for the common good…
genetic discrimination is another story. i actually wasn’t aware of this issue until i read the starter’s post, so i decided to do a bit more research on the subject. basically, nowadays you can get genetic testing done to see if you are genetically prone to a certain disease/diseases, and knowing that ahead of time can help you plan for the worst. however, this information is held in your permanent medical record, and some people with predispositions to certain awful diseases (such as cancer) are being discriminated by employers and insurance companies. now, insurance companies are already known to be evil (proof -> http://www.blackchapman.com/html/v16-1a.htm), but employers not giving people jobs because you might get cancer or another disease? thats just…not right. from what i’ve looked at, it seems like getting this kind of genetic testing done is a very good idea, especially if you’re trying to prevent getting a disease you think you might be predisposed to. this kind of discrimination would obviously turn people away from the idea. on the other side of the fence, what medical information should be allowed out in the open? once again, refering to the starter post, i would definately want someone who has unprotected sex without telling their partner they have HIV to go to jail for being ‘reckless’ at the least. it’s just another example of the gray area surrounding privacy and new technology. i foresee that as long as new technology exists, new versions of these conversations will continue to pop up. 

