I’m not going to pretend to be an expert on the economic benefits or consequences of legalizing marijuana.  Therefore, instead of focusing on whether it would “reduce the national deficit”, I will focus on the social benefits/ramifications of the drug.
First off, a vast majority of people who are in college (and these days possibly high school) have witnessed the effects of smoking marijuana, even if they personally don’t smoke - such as myself.  While it would be foolish and untrue to make a claim like “everybody’s doing it!”, smoking pot has become acceptable enough in today’s society that enough people do smoke, increasing the number of people previously described.  So, as a neutral observer, it seems to me that the negative effects of marijuana aren’t as bad as those of alcohol. I’ve never heard about people going to the hospital/dying of a marijuana overdose, but every weekend alcohol makes people sick and even takes lives.  Then again, in any altered state, whether induced by marijuana or alcohol, a person’s decision making ability is hindered.  So, while pot may not kill people outright by itself, it may lead to poor decisions that cause greater harm.
The only strong concern I have about the legalization of marijuana is what it will do to the level of drugs considered social.  People say pot is a gateway drug, and I agree wholeheartedly.  I consider a “gateway drug” a substance that may lead to other stronger, more daring substances. But, if you use the same definition, that means cigarettes and alcohol are gateway drugs.  I’m not saying that people who smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol will become degenerate addicts, but that’s because these two things are completely integrated with our society.  Sure, when you are younger they seem the cool and adventurous thing to do, but eventually you grow up.  I would consider marijuana the hardest drug the average American would try in this period where being cool and adventurous matters to them.  So if marijuana - a relatively harmless drug that in some cases could be compared to alcohol - becomes legalized, it will fall into a category more accepted by society, an therefore less adventurous.  My worry is that kids will then turn to psychadelics or hardcore drugs (like cocaine) quicker if marijuana is legalized.  Therefore, I don’t think I would push for the legalization of marijuana. 

