Although it is not nearly as bad as it used to be, I do think that gender discrimination is still prevalent in today’s society. For women, we see it all the time in the media as well as in the work place. Sexual harassment is still an ongoing issue; often times women are not given the respect they deserve from the men the work with, especially if they hold a higher position. In the media, women are still portrayed as sex objects and companies typically only use beautiful and sexy women to sell their products, as if they will appeal to the general public more than and average woman or even a man. A great spin off of gender discrimination against women would be the NBC television show The Office. All of the dominant characters are men, and all of the female roles are dependent on men. One of the women, Jan, who is the boss of the main character and head of the office Michael is thought to be a strong and successful woman, but her main role revolves around the fact that she is sleeping with Michael. The show seems to depict women as not being able to survive without a man, which I think is a complete fallacy and unfair portrayal. Although these examples do show the ugly side that still exists in society, it has come a very long way in improving the lives of women. Women are able to achieve much more success than they ever have been able to in our country’s history, and we are much more advanced in our beliefs of gender equality than many other countries.
On the contrary, I do believe that men suffer some inequalities as well. Many companies that are trying to compensate for past discrimination against women favor hiring women over men, which gives them an unfair advantage. Likewise, women have a better chance at getting accepted to colleges than men, especially engineering schools because of the deficit of women in that field. There is also the stigma against men who pursue careers known to be predominantly female, such as nursing or secretarial work. Pursing the fields is looked down upon for men and considered “sissy”.
So discrimination goes both ways. 

