The issue of privacy is a very important one to our society as the line between what is and is not acceptable has gotten increasingly blurred. In most cases, I think that everyone is entitled to privacy and to disclose only the information they feel comfortable with. However, if this information is harmful to them or other people, I think they have no right to with hold information. In the case of the woman who unknowingly contracted AIDS from the man who’s intention was to infect her, I definitely think that the man’s medical records should not be kept confidential and should be used against him. He was obviously using his disease as a weapon and had little regard for other people.
In the cases where genetic discrimination occurred, I think it was unethical for employers and insurance companies to look at people’s medical records. In this case, having a problem genetically is no one else’s business, especially if it is not harmful to anyone else. These people were treated unfairly based on something they have no control over. By invading their privacy, they were discriminated against in the same way many people are based on race or religion. Medical records are supposed to be kept confidential and by looking into them, businesses are completely disregarding personal space and rights. This should only be allowed with the consent of the person they are looking to investigate and whatever they find should not influence their opinions of the person one way or another.
I feel like these days so many people are just out to use your personal information against you, you can’t really trust anyone with your information. Even for my job, we are told to try and get donations on credit cards rather than through mailings because it’s less of a hassle. However, many people are reluctant to give out their credit card numbers because of the risk and vulnerability you set yourself  up for. And any information given to us is completely safe and secure, but many people are distrusting because it seems only bad things happen when you give out your personal information. I think that businesses and even the government need to learn to keep their noses out of the things that do not concern them; if no ones life is in danger, then they have no right to anyones personal information without their consent. 

