I do think that marijuana should be legalized. Not only will it reduce some of the illegal activity taking place involving the buying and selling of drugs, but it would be a good resource of money for the government who could use any resources they can get. Also, it does have therapeutic purposes for those with terminal illnesses. The main reason why I think marijuana should be legalized is because it is no more potent than alcohol. We hear of alcohol related deaths and incidents regularly but you do not really hear of such incidents involving marijuana. Also, alcohol can be very bad for you health wise, especially when drank in excess, which it typically is. Although marijuana may be worse for you than cigarettes, the difference probably is not that significant, especially since the majority of those who smoke marijuana also smoke cigarettes, so they are setting themselves up for health problems in the future regardless. I think that if alcohol is going to be legal for consumption, then marijuana should be too and obviously they will have the same rules about legal age and driving under the influence. Of all the illegal drugs, marijuana is the most used and the least dangerous. Regardless of whether or not is it legal, people are going to use it, so the government might as well get the upper hand by legalizing and being able to control the market. Not only is marijuana the least dangerous of the illicit and illegal drugs, but it is less dangerous than many prescription drugs as well. If these drugs are legal for medical reasons, then why not legalize marijuana at least for these reasons too?
Really, I do not think there are any good reasons not to legalize marijuana besides to save the pride of the government. In reality however, I think that they will be doing themselves some good by giving in and legalizing it. And it is not as though they are legalizing the really dangerous and life threatening substances like heroine of cocaine; marijuana effects are not nearly as drastic and potent as these drugs. 

