I do not agree with Bush’s continuation of the war in Iraq because it is not accomplishing anything. There have been very few victories on our side for the amount we have had to pay in actual dollars and human lives. I think it is impossible to call the war in Iraq a war on terrorism when terrorism is so prevalent in around the world; Iraq is just one of many and even if by some miracle America won the war in Iraq, it would only be a very small victory against terrorism. I am not against the fight against terrorism, especially since it threatens not only the American way of life, but western society as a whole, but I am against the way Bush has gone about it. I think that it is impossible to be successful in this endeavor if he does not have the support of not only this nation, but others. It is impossible to fight this fight all on your own. I recently saw a documentary called Obsession (I highly recommend it), which was about the effects of radical Islam. There is an enormous Muslim population in the world, and the majority of them are not at all violent or in agreement with jihad, however the number of Muslims that are is more than the population of the U.S. Because of this, it is impossible for the U.S. to go about this alone. Some of the most alarming parts of this documentary was the genuine hatred that those who are advocates for jihad have for the west. This hatred is ingrained in them beginning in childhood and the amount of passion they have for their cause is more than I’ve ever seen for anything else. The most disturbing part of the documentary was the parallels they presented between the jihad and the Nazis. I think that the world is underestimating what the advocates of jihad are capable of, kind of like they did with the Nazis. I think that Bush is right to want to battle terrorism and put an end to it, but his methods thus far have been very ineffective. The Iraqi war at this point is a lost cause at my opinion and in order for anything to truly be accomplished on any level, more countries need to be willing to contribute. 

