Part of what makes the Catholic Church what it is and give it such a strong foundation is the fact that it is rooted in centuries of tradition and its influence is so wide spread. It was not until recently that they began experiencing any problems in the areas of celibacy and lack of interest. Changing these traditions now I think would take away from what the Church initially founded itself on and would also take an enormous amount of time. The change would also have to occur in the Vatican, which is no where near as far along as the United States when it comes to modernizing. Because of the national influence Catholicism has, change would take a great movement. However in contrast, allowing priests to marry and/or allowing female priests could possibly end the problems with pedophilia as well as spark more interest in priesthood. It does make sense that the Catholic Church should change with the times, but in doing so it would lose part of its identity. It’s kind of just a lose-lose situation. 

So from my chat groups I learned that the tradition of priests not being able to marry actually comes from the 12th or 13th century. When priests would die, rather than leaving their land to the church, they would leave it to their children, therefore taking land away from the church. The church then instated the rule of not letting priests marry in order to maximize the amount of land they possessed, because now when priests died, they would inherit the land. So it seems as though this tradition of remaining celibate actually grew out of the church’s greed rather than some holy sanction. This kind of changes my view on things in that I don’t see the tradition of priests not being able to marry as something so sacred and in changing the rule, it wouldn’t really take away from the church, because it was started for a corrupt reason anyway. In changing this tradition, more people would be attracted to the priesthood and maybe the church would not be involved in so much scandal. 

