Pot…what’s the big deal??? I don’t see why people try to run others lives and how they want to treat their bodies…Personally, I believe that the legalization of pot should occur as a whole, and not only for medical purposes. There are, however, both positives and negatives to this drug which should be taken into consideration before its legalization.
If you look at the positives of the drug,  it obviously makes the person feel very relaxed- something most people in today’s society fail to do. Everyone is so uptight now a days, and I think that pot could somewhat help that problem. As said in other Blog entries, the revenue that would be taken into the United States would be incredible. We would surely take a huge chunk out of the black market, and we could even use that revenue or tax money (there would be a heavy “sin tax” placed on pot, because the government would not want people buying it too much- the reason porno, cigs and alcohol have “sin taxes” on them) in building useful things such as schools, homeless shelters, research facilities, etc. These research facilities could even be used to research certain things that are presently being “partially cured” by smoking the green leaf such as aids and/or glaucoma. I believe that pot will calm a person down, as opposed to alcohol. Have you ever heard of a rowdy stoner?? Well, the person may be in general, but while they are high they probably don’t get as violent as say a rowdy drunk.
As much as I do believe that the drug should be legalized, I also think that before it is, more information about the drug should be universally known. The country is doing a great job of showing Americans the risks of smoking cigs, and I think that doing the same for pot would be very beneficial. That being said, as soon as the drug is legalized, I have a feeling that kids will go on to the next “illegal hip drug.” If you don’t get what I said there, it’s in reference to pot being cool since it’s illegal…. I DO believe that pot is a gateway drug. Two of my friends, one of which is a close friend have, collectively mind you, tried cocaine, ecstasy, and sepia (even though it’s a legal hallucinogen used by smoking mainly). Many of the irresponsible people (such as these two) use pot as a gateway drug. What I mean by this is that it is used as one, but is not always a gateway drug for everyone- it depends on the person. To go along with what the others have said in reference to Europe, I can also see the percentage of pot smoking going down if it was legalized because it would simply not be as “hip.”
Human logic never ceases to amaze me…. 

I am pretty sure that I have heard that one of the main side effects of pot is future memory loss. Many teens do not care about this because it is a “minimal” side affect that will take place too far off into the future for them to realize how it will affect them. The youth of the U.S. is ignorant in this way- by not looking and/or caring about what could actually happen to them. This is their lives we’re talking about, so shouldn’t they consider the long term side effects? This is just another reason for the implementation of a certain age for being able to smoke.
Another Thing I think is interesting is how great (debatable) leaders such as Bill Clinton and George W. Bush have messed with drugs as youths. Isn’t this ironic how the leader of this entire country broke this law? Sure, “I didn’t inhale…” but hey, I “puffed” a cigar, but will still admit that I smoked it.  What is this country coming to when the leaders have gone against basically their country’s rules?
How strict is this country on smoking pot anyways? I have never smoked because I was afraid that it would somehow come back and bite me in the butt. After thinking about why I never smoked, I then look at people like Clinton and Bush to see where they have gone with their lives having done those things. It is true that the 60’s and 70’s were a “different time,” but you can’t always use that as an excuse. That’s more of a cheap way out in my opinion.
What I’m trying to say here is that if our leaders have done it, then what’s wrong with it? I’m sure that if these two didn’t get into trouble with the law and/or media, then they would not care about these past actions. I think that people such as Clinton and Bush aren’t necessarily against things such as pot, but act as though they are to please the morals of this country imbedded over time. Sure, the ’60s and ’70s were different times, but present day is different than them and should be treated without considering those days. 

Another thing to consider when talking about the legalization of marijuana is that it will provide the country with more jobs. I realize that there is a decent amount of unemployed peoples within the country, and even though it’s actually at a good level for our economy, I’m sure that many people would want a job. If marijuana was legalized, then factory and/or fields workers would be needed. If i’m not mistaken (which, i’m pretty sure I’m not) this extra work will help our economy by increasing its Gross Domestic Product. This is in the Macro economics sense, but I feel as though it does make a valid point. Even though the economy sometimes may not exactly need this extra help with GDP, I’m sure many families would appreciate the extra income hopefully being raked into the household. 

