I constantly am in debate about how I feel about gay couples. I would never hate anyone for being gay, nor would I praise them for it. I would never look down upon the lifestyle, but I’ll never support it either. I know gay people, and I am also starting to see it more and more on T.V. For instance, there are gay couples on those dumb dating shows on places like MTV. While I respect gay people, there’s no way I can watch them kiss or show any other type of intimacy in anything- like movies, shows, etc.
Now even though I can’t watch that stuff doesn’t mean I’ll treat those people differently. It is for this reason that I see hope for these gay couples that want to be united with each other. To bring the church into the picture is stupid- stop doing that. Change the stupid name to a “civil union,” don’t call it a marriage, and you’re done. If these people want to be recognized within the church, then that’s their problem to personally deal with. Even if the church is against gays, I know priests that are all for it. After all, these gay people aren’t going to be going to the Pope for mass every sunday…
A marriage is a union within the church between a man, woman, and God. That’s not my opinion, thats what it is. Let it stay in the church…I think that everyone who plans on staying together forever should be united under the law to get the government to recognize the union. Everyone would be united, but only the few that fall under the Church would be married. What’s the big deal? The people who want to be “married” and recognized by the church need to stop complaining. Some may also say that if the gay couples aren’t “married” then they would be treated differently in a negative sense. In one way, shape, or form, they will always be treated differently- or at least for a loooooooooooong time. After all, what they feel is not normal (by that I mean not even close to the majority of people)
As for the government, it has no place telling people what to feel or what and what they can’t do based in this field. Who do they think they are? if they think it’s morally wrong, then don’t talk to the people and stay within whatever group you’re in that doesn’t like it- but don’t go out of your way to discriminate against them, etc., etc.
Civil Unions are fine, but leave marriages to the church… 

