I am a member of the Roman Catholic Church, and have been raised all my life following it by two devout Catholics as Parents. I know the Church’s traditions, and go to Church basically every Sunday…I’m not as conservative as the Church, in fact, I am basically a moderate with general conservative views. I really hate the idea of the Church changing, because I am someone who hates change in general. Yeah, I guess you can say that I have that attitude talked of in the discussion starter- “if it ain’t broke, then don’t fix it.” The way I figure it is that if it’s a religion, then you shouldn’t change it based upon what people want (as opposed to need). Am I saying that the Church doesn’t need more people preaching? no. All I’m saying is that the Church made room for men by making them priests and made room for women by making them nuns. Nuns take a vow of joyful service, so they should enjoy what they do and be satisfied with it. I don’t think that anyone should be telling the Church to allow for women to be priests because I feel that the Nuns should be the only people doing that.
With Priests being able to marry, the Church views them as having a sort of “marriage” with God, with the regular people being their children of God (hence the reason for us calling priests “Father…”) Would I feel that it would help the Church if Priests could marry? Yes and No. I feel as though it would increase the numbers (as with letting women become priests), of devout members within the church (children of priests [men or women possibly] are sure to be devout members).
I love the idea of the Church expanding, etc., but I also love tradition- which is one of the main values that the Catholic Church is run by. I hate the idea of following peoples wants to modernize it to suit their wants…
When talking about how the Church isn’t attracting the youth at all, that’s crap. I went to World Youth Day in Germany a few years ago which had wow….either 1.3 or 3.1 million people at the ending mass (i realize that those are two numbers which are nowhere close to each other, but they’re both huge)…John Paul II, obviously one of the best things to ever happen to the church, reached out to the youth, and through him many youth have gotten involved in the Church. I know of 18 year olds who are going to become priests which also gives me hope
I don’t know if the whole shortage of priests bit is exaggerated or what, but I don’t see a need for the Church to change at this moment…
