Well to start off, gender discrimination is obviously a bad thing. However, it is embedded into our culture and even the world, so getting rid of it will not be an easy task. In fact, it won’t end within our lifetime or any time shortly afterward. Am I just being a doubter? No, this is just the way I feel it will be.
I feel that a lot of current “discrimination”  is not such a bad thing when considering things such as jobs. For instance: a construction worker vs. a secretary. Men are generally better at construction due to their body types, and women are better at multitasking- that’s general knowledge. Now I do feel as though men and women should be equals in everything, but I can also see how people look at the opposite sex in certain areas and say “what are they doing there?” because of natural make ups and tradition.
For instance, I am a male secretary. Weird, right? I openly admit that the job does not incorporate my masculinity WHAT-SO-EVER, but I’ll also say that I shouldn’t be talked down to because of my job. I feel as though it’s alright to joke about though- a humorous form of talking down- I’m cool with that. In fact, I’ll be the first person to joke about my job. I’ll say that I get pinched in the butt, etc. (doesn’t actually happen, mind you…) and nobody really cares- they think it’s just funny.
-Another point that I would like to bring up is that although many people feel as though women should be treated as equals, many do not feel as though women should be up for the draft. This is a very “wishy washy” topic, but it is something to think about as well. I personally think that everyone should be up for the draft (if implemented) who are physically qualified, but I also think that it is more of a male’s job at the same time. I feel this way just based off of tradition combined with a male’s natural body type- I would never look down upon women because of this though- perhaps I am just used to seeing male soldiers as I grew up with G. I. Joes, etc.
Over all, I feel as though this country (not the entire world yet) has come a long way, and is doing a great job at defeating gender discrimination, but it will take a long time before any more big changes happen. 

