When thinking about the government looking at my records, i think of people who I know who work for the government. When I look at it in this aspect, it reminds me that the government is made up of regular people who everyone lives amongst. Isn’t the guy next door who works for the government looking at my private records kind of the same thing as the person on the other side of my house who isn’t a government employee? Sure, the government employee has more of a right I’d say, but it still creeps me out…
For the companies that look for medical records, etc.- I think that that’s a poor way of going about business, but they DO need to look out for themselves. I really can’t have an opinion on this section of the topic, because a lot of people do lie about their health, etc. to get something they want. Companies can’t keep losing money over people who screw them over…On the other hand, I know of a lot of people who do not follow the same paths as their family within health issues- so these people do get the bad end of the deal.
I do feel that if it involves the risk of someone else, companies included, then records should be privately distributed- with sincere confidentiality. I believe that the people finding out the information should only find out the bare minimum of what they have to know and then can’t distribute that little bit of information. Cases in this would include a partner of someone with HIV/AIDS, or a company looking into giving somebody a sort of health plan.
We can’t have people in our society be ambitious enough  to lie about their medical history, etc. in order to better themselves while at the same time causing other people their jobs.
The government really is here for our safety, or at least I am brainwashed to think this way….:-/…. This is just a glitch in our history as other things in the past which have caused discriminatory actions. I’m not sure when, but the future will most likely bring laws that will please just about everyone on this topic- after this, I feel that this topic will no longer be as big of an issue. 

