Wow…I have many different feelings on the Operation Iraqi Freedom and the War on Terrorism. In reality, it changes weekly, but I tend to support the war. Yes, I’m sure that everybody reading this hates me now for saying this, but I could care less.
Going back to September 11th, it was very reasonable for everyone to support the war. We had been attacked and abused- something that we, the GREATEST country in the world, are not used to. Naturally we want to defend ourselves by eliminating the problem at its roots. It is true that, as the discussion starter says, it was never proven that Saddam had connections with Al Qaeda. The discussion starter has a liberal sense about it tied with a pessimistic view- the way America is acting right now. I feel that this attitude is what got us going in circles…because everyone lost the enthusiasm created after September 11th.
A country will be a horrible place if its people do not support their leader. Look at Saddam’s Iraq- people were slaughtered every day who did not support his ways. This was truely a Hell hole. People were thrown in meat grinders, etc.- if this isn’t part of Terror, then what it God’s name is?
I obviously love America, but it pisses me off when people turn their backs away from their leader. Instead of just going against what he/she says, why don’t you try to work with them? Although this is the ideal setting within a country, it can’t work all the time. We as Americans do not know everything that is going on in the world today- even though many of us act as though we do. We feel that if we do research from the media we know a great deal about the war. We don’t. I totally agree with people who say that most of America is swayed in a negative way by the media’s pesimistic view of the war. It eventually gets to people hating a person like Bush (I know, he’s by far not the best leader we’ve had……”BY FAR” I stress) just because thats what they see on T.V. and figure that it must be correct.
It puts me to shame that things such as September 11th make us act like true Americans. Now, with the recent shooting at Virginia Tech, people have also come together as a whole through mourning. What’s wrong with this country if we can only be UNITED within the UNITED STATES by a catastrophe?
In the end, I feel as though America should support Bush and our efforts in the Middle East. I have talked with soldiers about the topic and they do not feel supported by America’s “pull out of Iraq” view. I feel that this general view looks down upon the soldiers even though they’re apparently supporting the soldiers. All it comes down to is a lot of America doesn’t like Bush- that’s why they want the soldiers out of Iraq. Harsh, I know, but words do tend to come out in an exaggerated sense while writing.
As a summary, we know we’re at a stand still- Let’s support Bush and our Soldiers so we can give the country the confidence to get the job done finally and get our amazing soldiers back home… 

