Pricavy; the right to keep something confidental, private, and secret. It is the right to be left alone. It is the right that allows people to be their true selves when left alone. it has been said that privacy is the foundation on which this country was formed. Issues of privacy have gone back to colonial times in this country. People would have to sneak off into the woods or into an open field to chat privately. They could never talk in their crowded homes and towns for fear of eavesdroppers. The Fourth Ammendment states “The right of people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and siezures, shall not be violated, and no warrents shall issue…” Although this is clearly states, privacy have been violated from the very beginning. When in the age of telegraphing, these telegraphs could be interceoted and read very easily. From about 1900 to 1965 when operators had to manually place calls, the opersators could listen in to any conversation and they could tap phone calls with just a clip of a wire. In today’s society, there is no privacy for public figures and celebrities. Photographers snoop through any papers and pictures they can find and go to where they think these people will be just to get a glimpse of them eating a hamburger. These pitures are then published in tabloids and sold all over the country. I believe that the only reason that avergae American, like myself, still has some privacy is only because no one really cares what I’m doing on a day to day basis, whereas the public is very interested if Brad and Angelina are adopting tomorrow. If they did care about what I was doing, it would be easy for them to come to my school and follow me around. Also, because of the recent terrorist attacks, privacy is one of our freedoms that may have to be sacrificed in the near future. For this reason and this reason only, I think it is valid for the government to tap suspicious phone calls and things of that nature. If it is for the safety of the nation, I have no problem giving up this freedom. 

