While gender discrimination is something that should always be avoided ideally, there are some problems I have with the issue in general. 
 As the discussion starter states, discrimination because of sex is defined as adverse action against another person, that would not have occurred had the person been of another sex.  However, how is it possible for someone to determine with absolute certainty that the “adverse action” was caused entirely by sex, and had no other factors.  In an ideal world, gender discrimination can be pointed out in an action where every single factor amongst two parties of opposite sex are the same except for gender.  However, it is obvious that this is not an ideal world. Therefore, no one can ever say for sure if any action is pure gender discrimination or not. For clear cut situations that meet the ideal world’s standards, then action should be taken to avoid gender discrimination by all means. However, the vast majority of situations will be those that are not ideal, and the entire issue is clouded because of this fact.
One large factor in the development of the issue of gender discrimination is the rise of the feminist movement from the 1960s to the present.  A main goal of the feminist movement is to close the gap of differences between men and women so women receive equal opportunities as men.  However, since the feminist movement began, the connotation of the typical feminist has evolved into a hatred for the entire male population.  Thus, through all of their efforts to close this gender-based gap, they only widen the very gap they are attempting to close.  Also, by stressing the need for women to “get out of the kitchen” and enter the workforce, and basically take on the same role as the male parent, feminism is removing an integral piece of the balanced household.  If a couple has children, whether the mother stays home and nurtures them or drops them off at a day care center each morning for the duration of the day has an enormous impact on the development of that child. 

