By all means, marijuana should be legalized everywhere. There are several reasons why I support the legalization of marijuana. First and foremost, as long as alcohol and cigarettes are legal to own or consume, marijuana should be legal as well. It is extremely hypocritical for any nation to legalize alcohol and cigarettes while keeping marijuana illegal. Alcohol has short term effects, such as nausea and a severe impairment of your judgment and coordination, and long term health risks that are deadly, such as liver disorders. Consistent heavy consumption over long periods of time can also lead to alcoholism, a disease which causes physical dependence on alcohol. Cigarettes have infinitely many proven health risks, many of which are able to be seen on Truth commercials every day. Aside from the short term effects of throat irritation and shortness of breath, cigarettes can cause cancer in almost every organ of your body, heart disease, and respiratory disease over longer periods of time. Also, nicotine causes physical dependence on cigarettes. On the other hand, marijuana has minimal side effects, and most of which are not proven. Marijuana smoke is worse for your body than cigarette smoke, but the typical individual smokes more cigarettes than marijuana in any typical day. Also, marijuana has no physical dependence. Scientists say marijuana is “mentally addicting,” but mental addiction really lies within the individual. Anything can be mentally addicting to anyone, and it does not have to be a drug to cause mental dependence. Second, marijuana also has many medicinal properties that would be more accessible to the ill if it were legalized. Marijuana has been proven to help fight the effects of glaucoma, and is used in hospitals to stimulate appetite amongst AIDs patients. Third, if not legalized, marijuana should at least be decriminalized as soon as possible. Overpopulation in jails has become a major problem as of late, and a big factor in this is the people in jail who are there solely for marijuana charges. While it may be illegal, smoking marijuana is not an evil act, and certainly does not justify jail time as a punishment. 

