I agree with clockwatcher555 that allowing women to become priests will not solve all of the Catholic Church’s problems, but I disagree on principle. They cite tradition as one of the reasons the Church has to be careful in changing things around – I think tradition needs to be reevaluated n its importance.
There is something to be said for the stability of religion, how it can remain constant from year to year even when major events are changing the face of the world. People rely on religion for unchanging morals and beliefs in an unstable world, and that is as it should be. Tradition is a huge part of religion’s foundation, and is integral to most of the laws and practices of any religion, not just Catholicism. However, when traditions are followed blindly out of habit rather than for the value they add to the religious experience, they become a burden and cloud the real purpose of the faith.
I think the major crisis in the Catholic Church today is that many of its traditions have become so ingrained that they are vehemently defended even when they no longer make sense. The case of women not being allowed to be priests is a good example of this. Any argument the can be made for keeping women out of the priesthood has its basis in the tradition of the Catholic Church – that’s the way it’s been done for 2000 years, Jesus never had women apostles, popes throughout the years have always banned women from priesthood. However, these traditions were founded in a society so much different from ours today that it can hardly be compared. Middle-eastern, patriarchal, and placed 2000 years in history, it is amazing that most of the traditions and practices of the Church have stayed so intact. Perhaps it is time for tradition to get a rational review from an outside perspective.
That being said, I don’t think we should just throw out traditions that clash with the values of our society. Frogger428 is completely right, the Catholic Church doesn’t just exist in America. “Catholic” itself means universal – the Church has branches in every continent. Before we can say “this should change!”, we must have a general consensus and listen to all sides of the story. 

