The question of how to balance the emphasis between safety and security in our country in light of recent events is certainly an interesting question. Personally, I believe a national ID system would be very effective and helpful as a safety measure. Right now states don’t communicate well with each other about some things, as evidenced by the amount of criminals who manage to jump parole and start over in a different state. In some cases, they even end up being caught again in the new state for the same type of crime they were originally convicted of, which could be prevented if we had an effective national identification system.
While I think national IDs are a good idea, I believe the amount of information made public about a person should be tightly controlled. If they were going to make criminal records accessible by looking up someone’s ID that is one thing; however, to have personal information like medical records stored for access in the same way I believe that would be an invasion of privacy. While it would aid in stopping the spread of diseases like HIV and AIDS, the end of medical privacy would do far more harm than good. It would be hard to believe that given access to that information, a hiring company would not refuse someone with a disease like HIV because they would worry about it making their other workers nervous. A system of national IDs would certainly be more effective than the Census for collecting current information about trends in the population.
If we go to a European style system of national IDs, we will have to tighten our regulations on who can access the information the government collects about us in the same way. No one outside the government should be able to access that kind of information without the express consent of the person it concerns. Right now, you can sign up on an email list for one company to send you updates or freebies and within a week your inbox will be flooded with junk mail from places you’ve never heard of. Such information selling is inappropriate and an inconvenience. I hate to think what would happen if companies were allowed to see information about the kinds of stores you visit or cards you apply for by accessing your national ID. In short, national IDs would make identification and security a much easier job for the government, but the access to the information they store would have to be carefully regulated. 

