I believe the war in Iraq was a huge mistake that America got itself caught up in due to politicians taking advantage of the country’s emotional response to 9-11. The whole thing originally started out as a hunt for Osama bin Laden, and then grew and grew until it involved invading Iraq. Emotions were built upon and played on every step of the way, making it seem as if waging an all out war in a foreign country with little support was the next logical step.
Not only was the decision to go to war in Iraq not well supported, it was not well planned. There were no definite goals besides “Get Saddam out of power!”, no plan for rebuilding the shattered government and economy of the country we invaded. This is why we find it now difficult to pull out – because we’re still not sure we’ve accomplished what we went in for. Yes, Saddam has been executed for his horrendous crimes, but is the state of Iraq any better than before we came? On the contrary, it’s even worse. Like many other Americans, I was under the impression that the entire reason for the war was to make the world safer. Well, as far as I can see, invading Iraq hasn’t done a thing. Terrorist attacks will always happen, and the best defense against them is not invading any country which spawns them, but rather continuing what we have done to heighten security at our country’s most vulnerable points. So the war in Iraq has not bettered the world yet – has it bettered Iraq? From what I hear in the news, Iraq is in more turmoil and conflict than it was under Saddam’s entire reign. Who was the war in Iraq supposed to help?
I agree that something had to be done about Saddam Hussein, and that trying to oust him from power was an admirable goal. But we went in practically alone, removed a foreign country’s system of government and tried to institute our own in its place. I think what the Bush administration didn’t account for in this “plan” was that Iraq has a completely different culture from our own, and that forcing a policy of democracy on them when their own society is so heavily ingrained with tradition and religion is like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. I believe the only solution now is to plan out a gradual withdrawal of troops from Iraq, with definite timeframes (at least to shoot for as goals). We are the glue that holds together the government in Iraq right now, and hopefully if we withdraw slowly and completely a new force from within will rise and take our place to hold everything together. 

