Gender discrimination is still a problem in the world today, but has decreased significantly over the past few decades.  There is still the fact that in scientific studies, some companies will more often hire someone with a gender neutral name like Sam or Casey than someone with a clearly feminine name like Maryanne, and how on average women are paid 70 cents to a man’s dollar.  However, any companies treat men and women equally in hiring, pay and promotion, and it is a much smaller number of unfair companies which throws off the averages now.  Fairness in hiring and promotion has come a long way and continues to do so due to laws which have been put in place to prevent women being taken advantage of.  Companies know that when these laws are broken lawsuits are not usually far behind, because women today are very aware of their rights and want to be treated accordingly.  Even in sitcoms and other TV shows, the trend is toward women and men being in equal positions of power.  The pattern in the United States today is moving towards fairness and equality in the workplace.
I think that most gender discrimination now happens once women enter the workplace, and doesn’t necessarily come in the form of being passed over for promotion or having an inferior salary.  The movement for gender sensitivity has been much more prevalent recently than the movement for gender equality – now I hear more about women being upset about how they are treated as a person by their peers than how much they are paid.  Often something like a snide comment about how a woman’s body looks in a skirt or a certain shirt can make the workplace a very uncomfortable environment for a professional woman.  I think the concern nowadays is to have women feel comfortable working in the offices and companies they have not too long ago earned the right to be a part of.  Fortunately, companies are cracking down on this kind of behavior.  Often a man will have to attend gender sensitivity training to learn how to interact with women professionally, and if his performance repeats the company might feel him enough of a liability to take away his job.

