I believe that gay marriage should be every bit as legal as straight marriage.  People who argue against gay marriage will say that it will destroy the family unit as we know it.  But what do they mean by “family unit”?  To me, it means a family in which the family members love each other.  I do not think it is centered on the ability of a couple to reproduce.  The idea that marriage exists solely for the purpose of procreation is antiquated.  Several hundred years ago, it was important for a couple to have as many children as possible because they would be able to work on the farms or around the house.  This idea still persists in the minds of those who oppose gay marriage.  Is it not acceptable for a straight couple to choose to not have children?  Of course it is.  Marriage is based on a loving relationship between two adults.
The fact of the matter is that homosexuals do exist and will continue to exist for as long as the human race exists.  Why should they be deprived of the right to marry the person they love?  People will claim that homosexuality is a choice that the homosexual person makes.  The Catholic Church even goes so far as to call it a sin.  To this I ask, why would a person choose to be homosexual and put up with all the hardships they have to face every day that straight people simply do not?  Not many, I would think.  And yet there are millions of gay people world-wide.  It almost seems certain that homosexuality is genetic.  It’s just like having red hair or being left handed.  Viewed in this context, it seems barbaric and uncivilized that homosexuals do not have the same rights as heterosexuals.
I think a homosexual couple is perfectly capable of raising a child in a loving environment.  And if being gay is genetic, people won’t have to worry about a child’s gay parents brainwashing him/her to be gay also.  One hundred years from now, I think we’ll look back and wonder how we could be so foolish and close-minded as to deprive two loving individuals the right to marry. 

