I think these issues on privacy rights have to be considered on a case by case basis.  It is important to know when people are trying to help you.  For instance, the NSA monitors phone conversations (in Washington, D.C. I think) to help spot terrorism and plans to assassinate the president before they occur.  They have a computerized system that listens for key words like “bomb,” “plane,” etc.  They do not have operators that sit and listen to phone conversations of ordinary citizens.  First of all, there are far to many calls for that to happen, and second of all, the government just doesn’t care about non-threatening phone conversations.  This operation exists because it protects us - not because the government wants to monitor the lives of everyone in the U.S.
As far as national ID’s go, I think people will always find ways to beat whatever system is in place.  Even in the age of social security cards, birth certificates, and drivers’ licenses, it is still fairly easy to create a new identity.  Given enough time and money, anyone can make fake ID’s.  People make counterfeit money with very advanced counterfeiting machines despite the best efforts of the Secret Service.  For this reason, I don’t think national ID’s will solve anything (in the long term, at least).
Medical information is something that needs to be highly protected.  If such information gets into the wrong hands, people can find themselves fighting for their reputations.  If some CEO, for example, contracts HIV, and that information gets out without his consent, his company and his reputation will suffer.  I do think that the system we have set up now is quite adequate - at least in hospitals - to protect people’s medical information.  I work as a hospital pharmacy technician, and only essential medical personnel can view a patient’s medical information.  A patient’s medications are locked away in a drawer in order to prevent privacy violations.
I think those systems which utilize personal information for the good of the people should be continued, but private information should be highly guarded in all other cases. 

