Since the early 1900’s, the U.S. government has made marijuana its poster-child for its war on drugs.  It is the government that created such a negative hype surrounding the drug.  Just look at some of the movies that were made in the 20th century (”Reefer Madness” being one of the most famous).  These anti-marijuana propaganda films glorified the negative effects of marijuana and failed to acknowledge the positive ones.  This “marijuana is bad” sentiment has lasted up to the present day.  I think people should look at this issue with an open mind - after all, just because something is a drug doesn’t mean it’s a manifestation of evil.
There are plenty of drugs out there with effects much worse than marijuana that are legal for medicinal use (morphine, codeine, midazolam, fentanyl, dilaudid, methadone….the list is endless).  The majority of these drugs that are dispensed in a hospital every day are highly addictive.  Yet they are used because of their medicinal properties, which range from painkilling to sedation.  What separates these hardcore narcotics from marijuana is the fact that there is no aura that automatically distinguishes them as bad.  Marijuana does, in fact, possess properties that are ideal for treating several various diseases.  There really is no reason why marijuana shouldn’t be completely legalized for medical uses.
Marijuana isn’t even addictive.  It may be bad for your health if used in excess, but so are most things - if used in excess.  Heart disease is so prevalent in the U.S. because of all the crappy food we eat.  If something like alcohol is legal, I think marijuana should be legal as well.  People will find ways to get it regardless of its legal status.  One thing that a lot of people don’t think of is that marijuana’s legalization will reduce some of the strain on prisons in the U.S.  A good number of inmates today are there because of possession charges.  The prisons in the U.S. are overpopulated largely because of these people who get caught with marijuana (after several offenses, of course).
In short, I think marijuana isn’t nearly as bad as some people make it out to be.  European nations like the Netherlands have shown that marijuana can exist in civilized society.  The model is right in front of us - all we have to do is follow it. 

