Personally, I do not think that the church needs to modernize or change its ways to adjust to society. I think that society should adjust to the ways of the church. The church was established a certain way, centuries ago and should be left as it is.
I understand the concerns for the lack of young priests. It would not be my suggestion to allow priests to marry nor to allow women to become priests. I understand that it is not specifically stated anywhere that women cannot become priests, but I am not one for making this change. I also realize that men only became priests for some issue over land or something along those lines. As it seems, not Jesus, nor the religious councils seemed to care whether women became priests, but because of the land issues, whatever they are, priesthood was more suitable for men. I feel that women are better suited for the position of nuns. I am giving into gender stereotypes, but I feel the priest in being a man, is the stronger figure, while the nun, in being a woman, is the gentler figure. I guess it is hard for me to change something I am so used to and would prefer the church to remain as traditional as possible, even if that means not changing with modern times.
Also, I do not think that allowing priests to marry would decrease the acts of pediophilia. Some say that marriage would allow for a release of these urges, but in becoming a priest don’t they chose or learn to resist such urges? I think the problem is found in the character and discipline of some of these men. It is all too often that I hear of stories, whether they are from reliable sources like the news or from less reliable sources, like television programs, where pediophilia occurs in the least likely of places. Pediophilia can occur with a teacher, a married man, even family members. So, to say that allowing priests to marry would decrease the rates of pediophilia, is just not true. Allowing priests to marry may encourage more young men to become a priest, but I do not believe that it will have an impact on these disgusting sexual acts. Maybe priests should be required to take some sort of pyschological test before they can enter the priesthood, like police officers and FBI employees are required to take.
I do feel for those who are restricted by the church, but every person has their own reason and can chose their own religion. I do not think they should try to change anothers religion just because they can not follow it. 

