The war effort in Iraq wasn’t just a mistake, it was a colossal mistake based upon specious evidence. Many commentators at the beginning of the war posed significant questions about the Bush administrations sources for the evidence they were using to justify an invasion: Were they using information from suspects who had been tortured or had other motivations to lie? To what extent was the belief that Saddam’s regime had WMD’s based upon their mere refusal to cooperate with Un weapons inspectors? Even Colin Powell, after presenting his evidence to the UN Security Council, later stated that he did not find that very same evidence convincing.
I think it’s pretty clear that this administration came into office with the intent to go to war with Iraq–many insiders have indicated as much–and I think that they had multiple reasons for doing it. 1.) “To make the world safe for democracy.” This is a stupid idea, as proven by much of twentieth century history. The US has intervened in well over twenty countries over the course of the past century as part of efforts to bring democratic stability to those countries. Guess how many now have working democratic governments? None. 2.) “To stabilize the Middle East.” A respectable ambition, but completely destabilizing a regional center isn’t the best way to accomplish it, now is it? 3.) “To create a power vacuum in which the country becomes economically and politically dependent upon the US so that we can export their resources (oil) in ways more economically amenable to ourselves, and provide fringe benefits for large sectors of the US economy (defense contractors).” Oops, did I say that one out loud?
This isn’t just a case of bad decision making, this is a case of criminal decision making. It has cost hundreds of thousands of lives with a rationale that can barely be articulated. We’ve made a mess of an important geo-political region, and it’s high time we found a way to begin re-stabilizing that region. Based upon what this administration has done so far, we haven’t been left with many options. 

