The Big BF (Ben Franklin) said it best: “Those who would sacrifice essential liberties for a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.” I don’t think the government has the right to apply numbers to its populace essentially for the purpose of tracking them. We already have social security numbers, which function in place of our names on all kinds of documents and assorted, meaningless pieces of paper. The idea that our government would have the initiative or the wherewithal to institute a national ID system on top of all the paper pushing they already do is extreme and pointless.
The idea of a federal centralized data bank monitoring a national ID system also runs counter to the forgotten notion that some things are simply the prerogative of the state governments. In most cases, it’s the job of the individual states to track criminals who have committed crimes within their borders. To create a federally controlled system would once again strip away rights that essentially (and constitutionally) belong to the states.
If this weren’t enough, a national ID system would be functionally useless, anyway. Mtnbike9 made a very important point about how easy it is to forge identity information. Creating a database of national ID numbers would be a way to spend millions of dollars to put one small hurdle on the track for those who want to commit terrorist acts or serious crimes. It also presupposes that anyone who commits a crime can be easily tracked; just because a person has a number attached to their name doesn’t mean you’ll be able to find them, and thieves, murderers, and terrorists don’t shout out their names and ID numbers before committing crimes. The only purpose and ID bank would serve is as a tracking system for people the government wants to monitor in advance of crimes, but a.) the government already has several such numbers it applies to its citizens and uses them frequently, and b.) the system would just become another expensive, logistical nightmare. We live in bureaucracy already. Let’s not just give them more little pieces of paper to file, since that’s about all a national ID system would be. 

