 “Critics of feminism claim that undue emphasis on “rights” and social and economic equality can undermine traditional family values.” What in the hell does that mean? Women shouldn’t be fighting for their rights because they will become lackadaisical with there family responsibilities. Women  are unknowingly discriminated against in that when they are stay-at-home moms other women look at them like they don’t know the what hard work is because they have to do is take care of the home and their kids. And the women who work all their lives and have missed their “prime” and aren’t able to have kids are seen as not completely the one thing they were put on this earth to do. What’s also disheartening about this situation is that women discriminate against other women. Women who are stay-at-home moms discriminate against “butch” women, and women who live the traditional heterosexual lifestyle discriminate against women who are homosexual. And the list goes on.
Gender discrimination has been getting progressively better over the years. Women and men have gone from the traditional roles of homemaker and moneymaker to many of them switching roles and maybe even both of them being the moneymakers. Slowly as the older generation, who are stuck in committing to the traditional roles in the households pass away, this new idea of switching roles and leaving childrearing to the end of their lives is gradually becoming socially acceptable.  
And in response to LoColady’s last paragraph, I honestly was taken back when I first read that she doesn’t see herself having a family. I must say that I have always thought that women at least had it in their plans to have a family just not anytime soon. I recognize this as a problem and that with time my mentality will change. But what I did think or at least what came to mind when I read that she wanted to spend her life in building her career, I thought of the image the media portrays driven women as. Staying up late working in their offices and having affairs with married men or with men who are paid for their sexual services. They live, eat, and breathe their work environment. Why can’t driven women be portrayed as happy and content with the lives they have chosen for themselves?

