i agree with both sides of the argument in that I understand why heterosexuals find it hard to accept or tolerate the idea of gay marriage. but i feel that what they fail to realize is the homosexuals arguement that many homosexuals would not be on such a sexual rampage if they had the opportunity to settle down. I mean think how many families would be there to adopt all of the foster children and provide them with a family. Also I feel that what people dont recognize is that a marriage has nothing to do with a man and a woman in the dictionary a marriage is clearly defined as a union between two people who share a sexual and domestic relationship and live within the same household. I dont understand why heterosexuals feel so against gay marriage because of the idea that they cant make children naturally. If you think about neither can a man who has a low sperm count neither can a woman who has sterile eggs. Invetro-fertilization and sperm banks were made so people who weren’t born with the natural ability to reproduce could have that chance. 

Shakespeare said, “Would a rose but my any other name still smell as sweet.” I believe the problem with allowing gay people to marry is because of the title marriage. Because our country is run by people who based their whole lives on the Bible they can’t help but be uncomfortable with the title gay marriage. I also feel that gay people are mainly looking at the benefits that are received in the title of marriage. If they allowed the title civil union and still set in the benefits of marriage, I believe everything will be a little better.
Also I feel that the government is looking to indepthly at the situation of marriage. They are trying to look at all these different angles of what marriage is and all I think they should be focused on is that it is a union between two people. And even though homosexual couples can’t have biological children, there are many ways to still have children, in-vitro-fertilization, having sex with a man, and adoption. Our government is so stuck on preserving the natural roots of marriage that they struggle to accept that there may be a different kind of love between two people of the same sex.

