Gay marriage seems to be one of the biggest debates these days and I really can’t see why. There are much more important issues at hand, such as the war yet all many people seem to focus on is gay marriage. However, since this topic is on gay marriage I guess I will explain my views.
In all honesty I cannot say that it is fair to leave this decision up to the federal government or even the state government. Marriage is a sacrament, not a nation endorsed celebration of the union between two people. With this said I think that it is in our best interest to let the decision making on this topic reside in the church. There is a little something known as “separation of church and state,” which some of these politicians seem to be forgetting. Not all churches will agree on whether gay marriage should be allowed or not and it’s not up to the government to make that decision for them. If it was up to me I would do away with the governments roll in marriage and enact some other kind of civil union that a person must get alongside marriage to be recognized as a couple. Not to be difficult, but just to keep the government out of the church.
It could be argued that the government should have some say because there are benefits given to married couples. Come on though, would it really make that much of a difference if a minority of people were allowed to have those same benefits without being spiritually connected to someone of the opposite gender? While of course it would be physically impossible for them to reproduce (at least with our current technology), there is still the option of adoption. They would have the same situation as any heterosexual couple and would deserve all of the same stipulations.
Then there is the big one. President Bush’s attempt to get a new amendment put in place that specifys marriage as between a man and a woman. Not only is this completely contradictory of another section in the constitution, but it is also a horrific display of his seek for power. If passed, this would be the FIRST amendment to actually RESTRICT THE PEOPLE. The intentions of the constitution as well as the amendments were to prevent the government from infringing on the rights of the people. Now he wants to introduce something that will completely go against everything already said? Something that should NOT happen.
So to sum everything up, I am pro-gay marriage as long as the church agrees. Churches should not be forced to ban it nor should they be forced to accept it. However, the overwhelming hype about this subject is just ridiculous. 

