While it isn’t nearly as apparent as it was around 50 years ago, Gender Discrimination still does exist. While there have been many laws created to try and eliminate it and our culture has grown more gender-tolerant, there still lives this tendency to discriminate on a sex basis in the mind. As little kids we are bombarded with insults such as, “John plays baseball like a girl!” This is harmless enough on the surface, but when we are constantly reminded that “girls aren’t as good at baseball as guys,” it must have SOME sort of impact on the way we think in the future. Fair enough, as we grow older we drop some of these silly ideas and begin to look at things the way they are, but still there lingers this idea in the back of our minds.
I have never been to fond of sports myself so I could not accurately say that “male basketball players are much tougher than women basketball players” but I can say that I’ve heard similar remarks made. Sure, they could just be sly remarks that one male will make to another seeking a resulting laughter, but all in all it is still one way that we can see some sort of discriminating. Just the fact that there is some motive for that remark to be made in relation to gender is enough to show it. A similar issue would be these gender jokes. I hang out with pleanty of guys, and enough guys to have heard a couple dozen women jokes. I can’t say that I’m innocent and have never told one either. Though most people do not tend to think much of what they are saying when they tell them, but are really just looking for a few cheap laughs, these images can be disturbing.
Looking past the non-physical level of discrimination and on to something jobs, we are presented with another problem. There are more and more women getting out into the workplace alongside men, which is good, but there are still statistics out there that show that there is discrimination with pay, positions and other things, whathaveyou. Many of these companies are run by old white men waving flags for the Republican party’s darker side. Hopefully at this rate these tyrants will soon be out of power and a newer more tolerant generation will be running the businesses. Many of the people in the higher ranks now still have the image of the stereotypical 1950’s family in their minds. Wife in the home, husband at work.
How about discrimination towards men? Most people would scoff at this question. It isn’t nearly as big of a problem as it is towards women, but it is out there. There are a handful of women who think of all men as ungreatful swine who are the bane of humanity. Then there are stereotypical images of men that some women carry. One of these images is of a man sitting on a couch with a beer in his hand and the football game on. Not all men are like that, obviously, but just like the stereotypes exsist for women, they also exist for men.
So all in all, yeah, gender discrimination does still exist. Not always towards women, but moreso than it is towards men. It is improving, thankfully, but it still has a long way to go. Not all of the change is in the realm of physical objects. For the most part what we need to change is our own mindset.
Over and out. 

