The question at hand is “should the catholic church change it’s ways?” In my opinion, I leave that decision up to the catholic church. While I do agree that some of the practices and beliefs are outdated and conflict with many views of the rising society, it is not really up to me nor anybody outside of the catholic church to make that decision. However, I do believe that it would be a good thing if they were to change their ways and become more accepting of lets say, priests marrying.
I born and raised into the catholic church and as I became more politically and socially aware I decided to leave the church and go my own way. Personally I felt some of the ideas encouraged in the church to be much too restricting. For one I did not agree on the churches stance on homosexuality. I also was not too fond of the idea of the “confession booth.” If god is supposed to forgive all, then how come I need to talk to a priest about it?
Another thing I did not approve of was the hierarchy within the church. We are all supposed to be perceived as equal in god’s eyes, so why is one man holier than me? It is almost hypocritical for them to say that all people are equal yet this man holds a title of nobility. Perhaps I just am more able to notice these things because of the society I live in and the peer group that I grew up with. Who knows, but to me some of these practices seem out of times, yet the church is persistant in their technique, and this has begun to strike up conflict with the progressing society around them. (such as gay marriage)
Now one change I would suggest is allowing priests to marry. This I feel would severly reduce the amount of paedophilia incidents within the church. Priests are human beings as well and they are prone to human nature as well. It would be a lot safer and a lot more moral for them to have a reasonable outlet for their “sexual tensions” rather than have to resort to horrifying means. Though it is true that not many priests are like this, but it would still make a heavy impact if marriage was left as an option.
There is not much else that I would suggest though because for every argument I would present it would go against something within the catholic teachings, which may in fact be asking too much. It would be like asking them to change a whole concept that helps to build their foundation. Any change they want to make is in their hands. It would be nice to see them change and adapt at least a little bit further towards the current mindset, but I don’t feel that anybody should force them to. 

