The issue of privacy is definatly a critical one. It is a hot topic especially when it comes down to a concern for security. While it is essential that we keep a close watch for any possibilities of misdeed, we also have to remember where to draw the line. It is important that we do not allow any possible threats to be carried out and it is nearly just as important that we do not invade on people’s rights guaranteed by the constitution. One big issue that has recently come up is that of public internet servers such as myspace.
The keyword there is “public” as opposed to “private.” Since all of somebodys actions while logged into myspace are not being done in their own personal domain, it is impossible to say that myspace is a legitimate place to maintain your privacy. While there are several features on myspace that allow you to keep things personal, you can’t forget that you do not own the server in which this information is being stored on. While it shouldn’t be allowed for any organization to step in and retrieve this information without permission from the people who own it, it also cannot be forgotten that it can be retrieved with some sort of probable cause.
If you choose to keep this information private, lets say via a “private message” you obviously don’t want anybody but the recipiant to be able to view this information. I feel that this information should not be distributed anywhere unless the recipiant feels that it is a threat and they call someone else into it and has the information retrieved (with the approval of myspace). However, any public posts should be freegame for any kind of prosecution depending on the information put in it. Posting anything threatening in a public post would be like shouting “bomb” on an airplane.
There also has to be a place for schools to draw the line when it comes down to invasion of privacy as well. One big debate that has arisen has been that of facebook. While it is nice to know that schools can use facebook to ensure our security, they also have been known to use it to get kids in trouble for much more minor offenses (such as drinking on campus). I can’t officially say that they are not allowed to do this, since if someone does post a picture of themselves with a beer in their hand and they are under 21, it is illegal activity. However, if this information is attained without any kind of suspicion and it is being attained on facebook’s servers as opposed to their own, theyt should for the sake of human rights pass off this information as invalid. Then again, students have the option to keep their facebook profile private to only them and their friends.
It’s a difficult issue to deal with because while on one hand you have the governments protection off campus, on campus it is a whole different story. Loyola is a private institution, giving them many rights that the government does not have. When you attend this school you basically wave your constitutional rights at the door. I personally feel that this is wrong. However, the only way to be able to deal with this is to take some of the power away from private institutions and pass it back to the government so we will be able to maintain some of our rights guaranteed by the constitution. 

