            Debates over laws that forbid certain kinds of marriages are not unique to our generation.  There was also a time in U.S. history when a large number of state governments outlawed marriage between African Americans and Caucasian Americans.  These laws, based on discrimination and injustice, were eventually abolished.  I can’t help but feel that the exclusion of gays from the institution of marriage is simply another form of discrimination that must be done away with as well.  And I think that the rulings in Vermont, Massachusetts, and New Jersey that have legalized civil unions (in Massachusetts, marriage itself), have started a trend that will continue to spread to other states.
            There’s no such thing as an ideal family, and there’s certainly no such thing as a typical family.  What is important is that children grow up in safe environment where they are loved and supported – it doesn’t matter who is doing the loving and supporting.  And yet, too often adoption agencies refuse to allow gay couples to adopt children together.
            How can someone argue that the purpose of the institution of marriage is procreation when so many couples choose, when they get married, not to have children and use various forms of birth control to ensure this?
 
            I have of course been discussing marriage in its legal sense, as a part of secular society.  The Church, as so many Americans gladly boast, is separate institution from the entity of the state.  According to Roman Catholic beliefs, the one of the purposes of sex, which should only occur in marriage, is procreation.  Therefore not only does the church not allow gay marriage, but it also forbids the use of birth control (other than natural family planning).  I feel that critics of the Catholic Church often use the recent priest scandals as an excuse to attack any principle or doctrine of the Church.  Yes, these atrocities deserve all the amount of horror, outrage, and damnation that they have received and perhaps some more.  But the actions of imperfect, fallible priests should not take away from the teachings of the Catholic faith itself. 

