Despite the number of laws mentioned in the discussion starter, laws intended to promote equality between the sexes in the workplace and in the educational system, there exists a great disparity between the number of men and women in certain career fields, and in some of these fields it is very difficult to find a women in a top-level position.  My dad is an engineer, and he has often commented about the lack of women in his field, especially women in positions of power.
Obviously certain ideas persist in America about the academic abilities of men and women, especially when the president of a university such as Harvard can declare that women can’t do math or science as well as men because of “innate” differences.
 
I do feel however, that gender discrimination exists against men as well, and that this is often overlooked.  Girls used to be the members of the elementary school classes who received less attention from the teacher, or whose wrong answers were excused.  But I think that in a lot of places, an attempt to correct these kinds of teaching practices has led to overcompensation, and that boys are now the ones suffering.  Look at the statistics of the students who attend college today.  On most campuses throughout this country, girls are in the majority, and Loyola is no exception.  Yes there are studies that show that in general boys and girls learn and develop differently.  But there is so much variation simply from one individual to the next, and this is how teachers should treat their students, looking at them as individuals.
 
I would agree that a certain stigma exists against women who want to be “just” wives and mothers; at least, this is what I gather from my own experience.  I attended an all-girls private high school, and it was completely taboo to make any other plans except for attending the best college that you could get into.  We students had to maintain the college attendance rate of 100%.  Meanwhile, what one of the smartest girls in the class above me really wanted to do was start a family.  This was her goal and I think it’s just as important and just as essential as a woman who wants to be a scientist or a lawyer.   

