            First of all, there are a number of reasons that may have motivated the United States Government to proceed with Operation Iraqi Freedom.  One of the biggest reasons that Bush often talked about was Saddam Hussein’s possession of weapons of mass destruction.  Of course, no such weapons were ever found.  And at that time other countries like North Korea openly admitting possessing and developing such nuclear weapons.  Was the U.S. government blinded by the oil in Iraq perhaps?  Some critics say that Bush had some sort of personal agenda in trying to do what his father did not, that is, remove Saddam from power when he had the chance at the end of the 1st Gulf War.  And of course, as the discussion starter explains, many government officials and American citizens believed in 2003 that the invasion of Iraq was part of the War on Terrorism.
            It seems to appear that Operation Iraqi Freedom has created more terrorists.  By removing the Iraqi government, the U.S. created a power vacuum from which chaos ensued.  Without a feasible plan to combat such conditions, the country, 4 years later, is still plagued by rival religious and cultural factions and Iraqi citizens and U.S. soldiers alike live in terror.  If nothing else, this war has incited more animosity against the U.S., among more then those directly affected in Iraq.  By invading Iraq, the U.S. ignored the decision of the United Nations, an international peace-keeping body whose success relies upon the cooperation of its members.  Such an action seems to contradict the image that the United States makes for itself, that of leader of the free world and great example for other nations, and it has also alienated several former allies.
            I don’t believe that the United States government had a legitimate reason to invade Iraq.  However, now that we have spent 4 years disrupting their country and turning it upside down, I do not think that it would be fair to the Iraq people if we leave them in a state of chaos and warfare.  It will take a long time to repair the state of Iraq, much longer than most people realized when they supported the war in 2003.  Democracies are not built overnight, and it takes even longer for them learn how to function adequately.  If we look at our own country’s history, almost 100 years after the writing of the Constitution, the United States was still divided with Americans fighting fellow Americans.  How could we possibly have expected it to be any easier in Iraq? 

