	No matter the day, the time, or the month, turn on any news channel or read any newspaper and there will undoubtedly be mention of the war in Iraq.  Personally, I am very against the war.  It has gone on long enough.  The lives of thousands of young soldiers and innocent civilians have been lost—and for what?  Fighting a war on terrorism is an impossible feat.  It is an “un-rightable” wrong, as Don Quixote would say.  The United States’ involvement in Iraq needs to come to an end.
	It would be more productive for our nation to step back and evaluate nonviolent ways of stopping terrorist threats and actions.  Why must we fight terrorism with terror?  A war is certainly not the right way to make a statement that we think terrorism is an injustice.  Millions of Americans do not support the war, so the government should not be sending over more and more troops to fight for something Americans are either apathetic or enraged about.
	The soldiers in the armed forces go because it is their duty to serve their country, but it is the President’s duty to protect the country.  President Bush seems concerned more with earning a place in history for himself than keeping our nation safe.  America cannot be the hero for ever cause in the world.  We can contribute our piece to make the world a more peaceful place, but we cannot spend every penny and thousands of lives trying to change a place that would rather resist our efforts.  
	The Iraqi officials have made it clear several times that they do not want our help.  It makes me think that President Bush keeps us over there so he will not look like a fool for having gone in the first place.  I agree that we needed to take after the September 11, 2001 attacks.  We needed to let terrorists know that they cannot crush American patriotism and power; that America will fight back to promote freedom and dignity in the world.  However, the fact that we are still involved overseas in a place that breeds terror is not proving a point anymore.  It is practically asking for trouble to come to our nation, especially if we keep pushing Iraqi officials to the breaking point.
	I think the war in Iraq, previously called “Operation: Freedom,” has become a big joke and is proving no point.  We are not fighting for freedom for other people, we are fighting so all countries around the world will know we have the money and the power to fight in wars that do not even have a concrete problem and that we should not be involved in.  I want President Bush to send our troops home, where they will be safe.  Journalists, soldiers, high-ranking armed forces agents have all been killed in the line of duty.  But what is their duty?  It is not to fight where we are not wanted or where freedom is not wanted.  It is supposed to be a duty to fight to maintain the rights of the United States, but by fighting where our help is unappreciated is pointless.  We cannot and should not force another nation to be like the United States, because this democratic system may not work in every society.  It is time for war to end and for actual progress to be made in the confrontation with terrorism.
