	The Catholic Church, while a beacon of light for many in the world, must confront the times and change many of its rules in order to keep its influence on its believers.  As a Catholic myself, I see many faults in Church doctrine because it simply does not address the ever-changing ideas of the times.  What worked hundreds of years ago to keep the faith strong no longer has such holding power.  In the 21st century, social concerns are different and so much more is accepted in society than was centuries ago.
	One of the major changes the Catholic Church should impart is allowing priests to marry.  Priests act as counselors that directly commune one with God.  How can they counsel marital problems, questions about child-rearing, and the like without any knowledge of it themselves?  True, God can act through divine intervention and provide inspiration for the priests to handle these situations, but in order for a congregation to relate to a priest, I believe he should first relate to the people.  Centuries ago, priests were allowed to married, but Church officials criticized such priests and said they could not fully devote themselves to God and focus on a family at the same time.  Marriage however is an extension of one’s love for God.  Priests who were married would then doubly be intertwined with God’s love and message to the world.  If priests could marry they would not only have a deeper connection with the people of the Church, they would probably inspire more people to follow the Catholic faith because their home struggles would be similar to those of so many Catholics and would therefore promote understanding and relationships.
	There also should be no rule inhibiting women from becoming priests.  Women are just as strong and intellectual as men, and have the same opportunity to dedicate their lives to God.  Before the Church became engulfed by corruption and politics, women were allowed to preach and act as priests.  If a woman can become a nun, she should be able to become a priest if she so desires because it should make no difference the gender of the priest able to perform sacramental ministry.  Women in general may even be more willing to connect to their congregations on a personal level and form strong connections between the Church and its followers.  
	Because the Church is dominated by male clergy, it is no wonder it is scrutinized as of late about accusations of pedophilia.  If the Church became more open-minded and less focused on carrying out century-old rules, such accusations could be prevented.  It only raises suspicion if the clergy remains closed to all.  The accusations about pedophilia are so strong today because the people are looking for something to incite a change within the Catholic Church.  For a long time, the Church avoided the problem and denied any accusations.  However, by dealing directly with the problem and evaluating the status of the Catholic Church, changes could have been made earlier and the Church would perhaps be able to recognize the needs it should be there to meet in today’s society.  
