	The term gay marriage doesn’t seem to make sense to me.  I do believe in gay unions, but marriage, the way I was raised, always has attached to it the ability to procreate.  In the recent issue surrounding gay marriage and recognizing these marriages as legal, I have a small perspective.  As a Catholic I do not support gay marriage, but on a secular level, if two people are in love they should be able to share a life together, no matter what their genders are.
	I strongly believe it is wrong for the federal government to step in and try to make rulings about decisions that are very personal and intimate.  Marriage, or even a civil union, is promising to stay with one person and share a life together.  While gay marriages will most likely never be recognized by the Catholic Church, why should the state or the entire nation forbid two people who deeply care for one another to take their relationship to a more serious level?  
	President Bush has no right to make a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.  The Constitution was made that “all men are created equal.”  Today this includes men and women.  If Americans are all equal with one another, President Bush, by reason, should have no authority over the decisions of two other people.  He has made it very clear that he is a devout Catholic and I can’t help but wonder if he is letting this get in the way of his ideas as President.  The government should have no involvement in the issue of gay marriage.
	The government’s responsibility is to ensure human rights are upheld and the nation is protected from danger or corruption.  Marriage, whether it is between two members of the opposite sex or a same-sex couple, does not pose any danger to national security or violate anyone’s right.  By banning gay marriage through legislation the government would be going against its own purpose.  The beauty of democracy is that Americans have the freedom to choose so many things, including who they want to spend their time with together.  Taking this freedom away would be violating fundamental human rights.
	President Bush is not a member of any of the relationships in question, so why does he get to determine how far the relationship can go?  It is a ridiculous notion to think that the federal government can limit the recognition of a couple.  Couples are such a social concept anyway.  Two people can be a couple with or without public recognition, but the ability to get labeled as a marital union is always available.  
	Both sides of the argument are wrong; the Catholic Church should recognize gay couples perhaps not as a marriage in the Catholic sense, but as a lifelong commitment between two people and the federal government should not believe it has the power to dictate what constitutes a union.  Doing either of these takes away the rights of the people involved, not only their human rights, but their rights to love and commit to another person of their choice.
