	Gender discrimination poses a smaller threat on society than it did several years ago.  In my experiences, I have no experienced severe gender discrimination other than the occasional teasing from a guy that I can’t lift heavy objects or run faster than him.  Beyond that, I feel like women and men have equal opportunities to do anything they desire, if they look past previously existing limitations and biases.
	In the present-day United States women have more chances to succeed and be at the top than ever.  There are women CEOs, vice-presidents, and owners of businesses.  Martha Stewart, aside from her slight run-in with the law, has built her own empire by using her power as an individual, without regard for gender.  Every day strides are made to help women earn equal footing as men in the workplace.  However, some work still needs to be done in society.
	True, women may be heads of companies and big businesses, but that doesn’t mean all signs of gender discrimination have disappeared in the United States.  The business school at my college has a whole course on equality in the workplace.  Several weeks ago they discussed the issue of interviewing and hiring a new employee.  When interviewing to fill a position, several companies hired a less-qualified man over a woman who had not only the credentials but the experience for the job, because they did not want to have to lose her to maternity leave.  Make note that this woman was neither pregnant nor had any plans to become pregnant in the immediate future, at least five to right years down the road.  The justice of such a decision was completely ignored and transformed into a ridiculous reason.
	In the same way though, men also feel the slap of gender discrimination in the workplace.  Women have a better chance of getting a job or getting into college or grad school simply because they check off female on the gender portion of the application.  Men who prefer to stay at home and raise the children in the family are almost shunned and viewed as “less-than-masculine” because they enjoy a job that is done by women according to age-old tradition.  In today’s society though, attention should not be paid to old-fashioned ways.  At many companies, women are hired over men because having more women in a typical “men-only” setting will up the reputation and quota of the company.  
	I have experienced the consequences of this kind of gender discrimination.  My dad was up for a promotion several years ago.  He had been with the company for 30 years.  However, a woman transferred from Missouri who was given the job instead of my dad.  She has been with the company for a shorter amount of time, but because she was a woman who was probably just as qualified as my father, she received the upper hand. 
	Gender discrimination will most likely never disappear completely.  It is a harsh reality.  However, it is important to recognize the great strides women have made in the past few decades.  There is more equality than ever in the workplace and in society.  Women are no longer looked down upon for being powerful, intelligent human beings.  This is a commendable progression and should be applauded.
