	Legalizing marijuana would be beneficial to the entire society, especially the culture of college life.  Unbeknownst to me, most college guys experiment with marijuana at least once.  It almost seems like a rite of passage for them.  Most of them have no plans of continuing their pot habit once they graduate and enter “the real world” so they party in college and try everything at least once.  I can’t say I disagree with them.  I will never smoke marijuana myself, but I do believe that what one does in college is very different from choices one will make later in life.
	The point I am making is that part of the reason marijuana smoking is so popular in the college is because of the thrill it takes to get it.  Smokers like to compete to see who can get their pot from the shadiest seller or who can buy the most marijuana for a cheap price.  Apparently there is even “good stuff” that will make someone very popular if he or she gets her hands on some.
	If marijuana were a legalized substance, there wouldn’t be half as much excitement or dangerous thrill because everyone could get it simply by walking into a convenience store or mini-mart.  The legalization of marijuana would probably cut the risks that one takes if choosing to smoke pot.  Those who can’t afford to support their smoking habit often make or grow weed themselves.  One never knows what quality or mix of substances will be in a sale because there source can be getting it from any millions of places.  Legalizing marijuana would also standardize how marijuana is made.  Big pharmaceutical companies or entire marijuana companies would form and the selling of marijuana would be a legitimate market rather than a back alley drug deal.
	Marijuana seems to have similar effects as alcohol from what I have personally witnessed.  But even more than alcohol, you can see the depressant effects on the consumer.  Everyone I have seen high is not half as hyper and crazy as the people I have seen under the influence of alcohol.  Most of them would prefer to go to sleep once they smoke up.  If alcohol is a legal substance, there is no reason marijuana cannot be either.  The effects seem equally reckless and pointless.
	Perhaps legalizing marijuana would make it less appealing.  The majority of pot smokers are also underage drinkers.  Once these young adults reach the legal age of 21 to consume alcohol, the drinking becomes a little more responsible because the lust of buying something illegally and trying not to get caught is gone.  I believe the same would happen with marijuana.  If an eighteen year old can buy cigarettes, why can’t they buy something else to smoke?  At least marijuana won’t do half the damage to the lungs as a cigarette full of nicotine will.  Ancient civilizations smoked pot all of the time.  But because it was socially acceptable, there is never a big deal made about it.  If the same happens today, marijuana would lose most of its appeal and probably become less of an issue than it is now.  
