	The recent school shooting that was prevented because school officials looked at a posted MySpace bulletin saved the lives of potentially handfuls of innocent students and teachers.  Perhaps some see this as an invasion of privacy, but I see it as something that prevented a tragedy—as long as school officials looked at the site with undoubted suspicion.  Invasion of privacy means when another person looks into your personal information for no reason.  If there was reason to suspect violence from the kid written about in the post, then no one’s privacy was invaded.
	The Internet and everything on it is accessible to anyone and everyone.  Users in China could have read the same post the school officials did because, if you are a member of MySpace, you have access to every profile regardless of whether or not you know them.  By posting a message that implied a violent act on the school, the user basically told the world about the plans.  
	I do not believe the school invaded privacy because of the availability and easy access to the Internet.  The only way it could be so is if the school administrators look at internet profiles of their students for fun and just happened to come across one that had a threat.  However, this is highly unlikely, as they were probably given the information from a source, either a student or another adult.  The second you post something on the Internet, you assume responsibility for what you have said and in effect take the risk that comes with this responsibility.  It is possible what one writes could be plastered on thousands of other sites because there is no domain over what people can do virtually.
	I have several friends who have MySpace profiles and they contain completely made up information.  One girl, who in reality is underage, lies about how old she is and sets up chats with older men and arranges to meet them.  Sad as this is, it is not at all uncommon because of the freedom that the Internet gives.  No one presides over what one posts, but also nothing one posts can then remain private or should remain private.
	The site Facebook is an awesome way to get to know people in college, but everyone goes on it knowing that most other people can see what they say as well.  This is an assumed part of belonging to such sites.  School officials do have to draw a line somewhere, but such a line was not crossed in this case.  It is inappropriate for school officials to browse the Internet in search of their students and their students’ Internet activity.  The only time school officials should access this information is if they have received a reliable and justifiable piece of information that is cause for concern and requires further attention.  Otherwise, school officials would be treating students as prisoners without any rights to privacy.  When a threat impends, school administration may step in as necessary.  If there is no sign or reason to suspect any danger or threat that may harm a student or another, the information posted is no one else’s business.      
	
