	Social networking tools are becoming a huge trend for online communication.  From blogs, to MySpace, to photo sharing, the Internet is stacked with different forums of communication.  Growing up in an age of technology, many young children and teenagers are using these areas more than anyone.  With the advantages of this usage come dangers as well.  These children are entering the stream of public information, and if they are not careful with everyone they communicate with and everything they say, there could be big problems for them.
	Recently, school officials took the proactive approach and prevented a possible school shooting because of a posting on MySpace.  I think this move was a great one and it has saved the nation from another travesty.  With the information available to them, the officials did not lie back, but took action and did the right thing.  This is not an invasion of privacy at all.  First of all, if someone decides to put information on MySpace, this is now public information.  Everyone who has access to the Internet now has a chance to view the information, and this is not infringing anyone’s right at all.  The right that the offender had was the option to post this or not to post it.  Posting it on this internet community is like putting an advertisement on a billboard that you are going to commit a crime.  If the officials had happened to see that, they would have taken the immediate action as well.
	The invasion of privacy argument seems to be drawn on a thin line.  I believe these privacy issues should be dealt with like a search warrant.  If the officers have any lead of information that they feel may put someone in danger, they should have the right to search their page, protected or not, just like they can search their house.  If they do not have a warrant to do so, they may not be able to access information that is closed to the public, such as a secured Facebook account.  However, if this account is unsecure, they have the right to look at it as do anyone else.  As for how far they go and where to draw the line, I think they just need to be smart about it.  Officials should not spend time and money searching all through public pages with no tip or lead.  They should be passively active, deciphering anything with red flags and taking action.  At the point they feel a threat, they have the ability to receive a warrant and should proceed in the fashion that it is someone’s property.
