	The war in Iraq started out as a major issue for this country, but since has become a major problem for the world.  Back in 2003, when the invasion took place, the popular opinion was for the war.  9/11 was still fresh in the minds for many citizens, and there seemed like something needed to be done for redemption.  As soon as it appeared nuclear weapons were being hidden in Iraq, they became the target for our attack.  With this, plus the way their citizens were treated, the United States put it on their agenda that this was the place we needed to declare war on.  Through all of this, hopefully we will also be able to track down the Al-Qaeda, who was primarily responsible for the World Trade Center bombings.
	In the long run, five years down the road, it does not appear this was the best war to get into.  From one point-of-view, we did catch Sadaam Hussein, took down many towns that were under tyrant rule, and helped Iraqi citizens, but at what expense.  Many soldiers, both from America and other parts of the world, have lost their lives, many Iraqi civilians have been hit by warfare, and the objectives of this war have ultimately been challenged.  It has become a seemingly impossible war, this after five years has passed and not much recent progress has taken place.  The death count is adding up and the damages to the country are growing, but still there seems to be no plan to move out.
	I am not an advocate of war by any means, but I have to admit that when we went in, I was in favor.  I had the thought that someone must pay for what they did to our country on 9/11, and I was confident we were headed to the right place.  Now, as I look back, I feel I was swept into the same thought pattern as many other Americans at the time.  The war on terror really seems to be an impossible one, as there is really no concrete concentration or location where these criminals exist.  To defeat this enemy, we must focus more on intelligence rather than warfare.  We must really on other countries and citizens to stay informed on terroristic plots rather than invading a country to find those, while they will just run.  Who’s to say that North Korea would not have been a better place to attack to fight this terrorism?  It seems like there is just as big a threat here, if not more, than in Iraq.
	At this point, I feel enough is enough.  We have been there for too long, without enough progress, to keep our soldiers at risk.  Many of the other countries fighting with us have decided to pull their troops out, so I think a plan of retreat should be enacted soon.  Enough damage has been done and I think, instead of focusing on the war at this area, the war on terror should be more concentrated on gaining the right tips and insight before attacking blindly.
