	One important issue that seems to be gaining a lot of attention in today’s politics is the legalization of gay marriages.  This is a topic that not only defines social and financial structure, but also pushes on the morals standards of each individual.  A few states have legalized same-sex marriages to this point, but many have not changed their previous stance of legality.  As politics continue to transform to fit the norm of today’s society, many must wonder if other states will soon follow the lead of the states that have legalized gay marriage.  For me, it is a blurry issue that has a lot more to do with wording than details.
	Based on the principals and morals of the way I was brought up, “marriage” is the union of a man and woman into one, in order to form and family.  The only way I see marriage is to create this unique union, which only exists with members of the opposite sex, and further God’s plan by bringing children into the world.  The term “gay marriage,” to me, does not work.  That being said, a “gay union” is perfectly reasonable.  Regardless of sexual orientation, if two people love each other, and want to live with each other, they should legally be considered a union.  Who is to say that cannot receive the same benefits and privileges of other couples that are in the same circumstances, yet straight.
	Right now, I think President Bush’s ban on gay marriage is okay, because the correct structure must first be developed.  In order for these couples to receive the rights they deserve, the rights must first be protected.  If gay marriages are approved, there would be an open door to abuse this policy in order to gain advantages, such as financially or with insurance purposes.  The federal government should certainly be involved in this situation.  They are the ones who need to amend these laws and set the guidelines for the states to follow.
	In closing, I believe marriage is a sacred action between man and woman to form a union and create a family.  This in no way should include two men or two females who are looking to further their relationship with each other.  This calls for a civil union, where these two can build their relationship, as well as receive the benefits that other couples receive.
