	Discrimination is an event that has always been around since the earliest civilizations, and will continue to be around as part of human nature.  This is never a good thing, however, there are signs of great improvement.  Over the past 40 years especially, the playing field has become more even.  No longer are people restricted to certain schools due to their race, or to certain job positions due to their gender.  The discrimination still exists in certain cases, but it has improved vastly from where it once was.
	I do feel gender discrimination still exists in the workplace, but I do not feel it is anymore a problem.  On an individual level, of course there are going to be certain people that bring this bad nature with them, but not is not even close to the majority.  In most cases, an intelligent woman has just the same chance as an intelligent man to land a certain position in a company.  With this option being open to more women than ever, the competition is increasing tremendously, and this is bringing more productivity all around.  Women are landing some of the highest-level jobs available these days, such as the CEOs of eBay and Xerox.  More women are also receiving degrees from higher levels of education today, and as these results keep coming in, they will further influence many important jobs in the future.  Let’s not forget about another prominent women, Hilary Clinton, who did not have a problem making it to a potential Presidential candidate.  The times have obviously changed, and deservingly so.
	I feel that, although society as a whole is making great strides, discrimination towards women does still exist.  Many times this discrimination occurs when women attempt to be in jobs that are more dominated by men, such as police officers.  The number of officers remains dominated by men, but then again the job is more geared toward that of the male gender.  Just as that of truck drivers and plumbers, the job is simply more sculpted for men.  This can be flip-flopped as well.  I am sure men are often the targets of discrimination in positions usually held by females, such as nursing.  The fact is that the job is more structured toward the one gender, and although the other may hold this position, it is usually not as sought after.
	One thing aside from the workplace where I feel men are strongly discriminated against is that of relationships and sexual actions.  I understand that women have fought long and hard to receive equal treatment with men.  I also understand that there is a difference in our physical and emotional makeup, and this must be protected.  All other points aside, however, women seem to have an upper hand in events of a relationship.  Sexual harassment and rape are major crimes that should be dealt with accordingly; however there seem to be way to many cases where the man is a victim of exaggeration and lies.  This, as well as circumstances of divorce, seem to be cases where men are heavily discriminated.
