      The Catholic Church is a very interesting topic in any conversation.  Being one of the oldest institutions in the world, it has always been the center of many different issues in many different areas.  The Church has definitely had its ups and downs, from many holy wars and corrupt papacies to its saving graces and spiritual works.  In recent years, the controversy has shown its head again, dealing with much of the sexual harassment and pedophilia scandal.  This crisis has brought the Church to the forefront of discussion many times, and many are calling for a change, or a modernization.
      Changing the ways of the Catholic Church is by no means a quick and easy process.  For an institution that built its foundation on events and standards that happened thousands of years ago, many of these have been set in stone for awhile.  A problem that has seemed to face the Church for some time is adapting to the present day as changes are taking place.  Although the laws of the Church were created two-thousand years ago, the specifics were formed for the people of that time period.  The general truths are what are meant to form our morals and help us lead good lives, but the specifics are more catered toward life back two-thousand years ago.  In order for the Church to remain consistent with their promise of aiding people in their decision making for living more Christ-like, they must adapt to the times of today.  It is important to apply the lessons around contemporary issues. Back then it was part of the custom to treat women with less respect and opportunity than men, and maybe that is why women were not able to become priests.  Now that men and women are treated equally, I feel there is no reason why female priests should not exist.  Jesus did not discriminate in any circumstances; he actually went out of his way to include those not usually taken care of.  I feel it should be more about the individual, and their spirituality, leadership, and call to serve, rather than a gender thing.
      On the issue of allowing priests to marry, I am a little more hesitant.  The main function of the priest is devoting their life to God, and through this, they help to serve his people.  I have always believed this requires a constant devotion to Him, and I feel the time spent raising a family may take away from time serving the other family, the Church.  If the number of priests is decreasing to an amount where help is greatly needed, then that would be a different issue.  But right now, I feel there are an ample amount of priests serving, and adding women would make it an even healthier amount.
      As far as either of these issues preventing the pedophilia scandal that went on, I do not believe it would.  Although it is never a good thing for anyone to commit such gross crime, especially priests, it exists in all nature of human life.  The percentage of priests that committed these crimes was around the same number of lay people that commit them, so it is really just a sample of the general public.  There are good people and bad people wherever you look, and unfortunately this includes the Church as well.  On that note, however, I do not feel that being a priest should lesson the sentence of any crime they have committed.  They should be held accountable for their actions as would any general citizen.
