	This is a very interesting event that is taking place in Denver right now.  By a vote of 54% in favor or legalization, the city has decided to make small amounts of marijuana legal for persons over the age of 21.  They are the first city in the United States to do so, and as a result, have been under much scrutiny.  It is unique situation because it has not been tested before, so the results are unknown at this point.
	The main reason why Denver decided to vote in favor of allowing marijuana use was to cut back on the heavy use of alcohol.  Alcohol has proven many times over that it is the cause of many problems.  These include addiction, violent crimes, and even overdose resulting in death.  The legislation is going for a plan that hopefully, through a controlled amount of marijuana use, the many downfalls of alcohol will be reduced.  If this is the case, that certain users will result to marijuana instead of alcohol, statistics show that this would result in less damaging behavior.  One problem with this, however, is that the same people that are abusing alcohol may also result in abusing this “legal” drug as well.  The fact is that, no matter which substance we are talking about, legal or illegal, abuse always results in an undesirable effect.
	While the results of using alcohol show to be much more damaging that using marijuana alone, what is not measured the introduction to the use of other more dangerous drugs.  It has been proven that once trying marijuana greatly increases the chances of trying other drugs after.  If marijuana is legal, and many people resort to this instead of alcohol, chances are many people would also try other drugs as a result.  I think this is the exact problem that could be caused by spreading legal use throughout the country.  The extreme use of alcohol, cases of alcoholism, and other dangerous results from the substance may be decreased; but it is unknown how this would compare to the addictions and problems created through the promotion of drug use.
	Another issue that this legalization brings to the table is the sale of marijuana.  How would purchasing marijuana from an illegal deal result in an okay situation?  If a person did happen to get caught with marijuana, how can they really prove they obtained it from in a legal way, and not from a dealer on the street?  This is a problem because, although the drug itself may not cause many of the problems in today’s society, but often the way it was obtained does.  These issues include the misuse of the country it may have been produced and the gang violence committed once it arrives in this country.  These are all important things to think about, and marijuana use may one day help limit alcohol problems, but there are too many unanswered questions and open problems.
