The war is pointless, is based on lies, and has gone on for far too long.

Saying the above statement to many people would be enough to be called “un-American”, being accused of “not supporting the troops”, or even being deemed a “terrorist” myself-- and those are just the milder, more polite reactions.  Let me first say that I do not support the war in the least, but I do support those who are fighting it.  The men and women serving in the war fully realize that they might never come home again, and their sacrifice is something that I admire and could never do.  I do not support the fact that our government is sending them to die for a senseless reason.

The war is pointless because it has dragged on, and is pursuing its goal completely improperly.  We are apparently bringing democracy to Iraq, seemingly a noble goal.  However, the reason that the representative democracy of the United States works is the system of checks and balances-- the two Houses has certain powers over the president and the supreme court, and the same vice versa.  We are setting up a flawed system in Iraq: there is no real safeguard to guarantee that a dictator is not elected in out of fear, or that their democracy will even last.

As for lies-- whatever happened to those Weapons of Mass Destruction we were so certain that Iraq was keeping stashed, evidenced by spy-plane pictures and terrorist correspondence?  Where did the 9/11 connection come from, the main emotionally-laden reason that many support the war, when there was and still is not sufficient evidence to actually prove Iraq was involved in those terrorist attacks-- yet plans to attack Iraq were set into motion by Rumsfeld on the very same day?   There are too many questions unanswered, and too many possible ulterior motives: to obtain oil, to succeed where his father failed, and so on.

The war has gone on for far too long-- it would be interesting to see exactly how many people wholeheartedly support every action taken in the name of the “war on terror”.  There are many things clearly wrong with this war, but I will be the first to admit that I do not see any clear path to fixing them all.  Actions, however, should be taken, and before any more lives are lost.
