The Catholic Church constantly changes, like any organization or religion.  The Church is not made up of simply the Pope or the clergy; it also includes every single person that considers his or herself a Catholic.  While people might not necessarily see a forward-thinking position in the “official” tenets of the Church, it can be and is in the hearts and ideals of its members.

For instance, few people know about the Catholic doctrine of the primacy of conscience.  This states that if one disagrees with something that the Church teaches, one must examine one's conscience.  If one's conscience still firmly disagrees with that doctrine, one is obligated to follow one's conscience over the Church's formal teachings.  Something like this allows one to be in favor of homosexual rights or other “controversial” topics, and still be able to consider one's self a Catholic-- thus changing its ways and adapting to life in the 21st century.

Also, allowing priests to marry or allowing female priests would not have any impact on pedophilic activities within the Church.  There are female school teachers and married scout leaders-- but there are still accusations of pedophilia in these activities, as well.  I would also wager that in branches of Christianity that do allow female or married priests, there is also pedophilia.  If one is a pedophile, one has a sick obsession like an addiction, and will do anything one can to feed that addiction-- whether it is to become a school teacher, a scout leader, a priest, or anything else.  Even if female and married priests were allowed in the Catholic clergy, I sincerely doubt that it would have any impact at all on the presence of pedophilia within the clergy.  This is an example of a special-interest group unfairly using an unfortunate event to further their own agenda; people have been lobbying for female and married priests for years, and this is just one more event that they can bring to their cause and claim as support.  The truth is, the majority of Catholic priests are not pedophiles, just as the majority of people on Earth are not pedophiles.

In conclusion, I do not believe that the Church has to officially change.  It is doing so every day... though perhaps more quietly than some might like.
