This instance is, clearly, not an invasion of privacy.  People always forget the very crucial fact that the internet is actually public; thus, by its nature, any information posted on it without any sensible restrictions becomes public.  I assume that the bulletin was sent to all of the would-be shooter's friends, like most MySpace bulletins.  If this bulletin were only sent to one person-- for instance, as a private message-- and then the recipient went to school officials, it would still not be an invasion of privacy.  By the same flawed logic that raises the objection, any sort of anonymous tip-off would be an invasion of privacy.  

The only time this would become an invasion of privacy is if the administrators actually searched the student's account, or e-mail, or hard drive, or journal, without any evidence or warrant whatsoever.  Privacy involving the internet should be treated the same as privacy “in real life”-- for instance, if Jack tells Jane that he plans to blow up the school, and Jane notifies the school, it's not an invasion of Jack's privacy.  If Jack writes letters to all his friends telling of his plans to release sarin gas on the subway and one of his friends goes to the police, it's not an invasion of Jack's privacy.  If, however, Jane searches through Jack's house and discovers an encrypted file hidden on his password-protected hard drive, breaks into it, and discovers a secret plot to kill the president, it is an invasion of privacy.  The encrypted, password-protected file is something private; it was not broadcast or sent out or shared to or with other people.  The letter and the conversation are public, insofar as they were voluntarily shared.  Jack was not forced to tell anyone, but he did anyway.

This is not a case of the ends justifying the means, a sacrifice of privacy for an increase of security.  This is a simple matter of some student being stupid enough and egotistical enough to send out something to every single person on his friends list, and being surprised when he gets caught for posting something on a wholly public medium.
