The real issue is the difference between allowing gay marriage and gay civil unions-- the tricky part comes with religion.

A gay marriage or wedding implies religion: a ceremony presided over by a priest or rabbi or other religious leader.  All the legal rights afforded to a civil union are received when a couple is wed in a church or temple, in addition to “being married in the eyes of God”.  Often, additional restrictions and conditions aside from age and consent must be addressed, such as the religion of both of the people to be married.

Civil unions, on the other hand, are strictly governmental and societal, allowing rights such as child custody, insurance benefits, tax benefits, and so on.  Given by a justice of the peace or another similar official, they grant the same legal rights as a marriage, and have nothing to do with any sort of religion.  The only restrictions in this case are often just age or parental consent.

Thus, another, hidden issue comes to play: the separation of church and state.  There are supposed to be freedoms and tolerances granted to citizens of the United States.  The Constitution is supposed to be a basis for granting and protecting these freedoms, specifically the Bill of Rights.  However, when an entire lifestyle is to be, essentially, outlawed by an amendment, this is not right at all.  What is the basis for this?  Is there any real reason ever given aside from the unspoken idea that gay marriage is different, and thus frightening?  Or, perhaps and more likely, it is a reflection of the current president's own religious beliefs-- where his holy book supposedly tells him that being gay is a crime punishable by eternal damnation?  

The latter is what must be guarded against.  This is tantamount to denying civil unions or other basic rights to any other minority group-- imagine the uproar if an amendment banning Quaker weddings was proposed, or even one banning African-Americans from being wed.  

I admit that I am a strong supporter of gay rights, whether it's a matter of simply being treated equally by employers, or something on a grander scale like civil unions.  We cannot force the Catholic Church to start doing gay weddings.  We can, however, make sure that basic freedoms and rights are not denied people by our government on the basis of their belonging to a minority.
