ID # 21

	Online forums such as myspace are all forums where users whose what they would like for others to display.  They are public sites, for anyone can join.  Therefore, anyone can see each other’s information.  It is up to the user to decide who can see what.  Technically speaking, if you do not put controls on what parts of your profile are viewed, then anyone has the right to look at it.  Honestly, I do believe that although one may make their profile visible to all, school officials should not be looking at one’s profile.  Who one is friends with, what they like to do, does not concern school officials.  
	In this case, this was on a bulletin, which is meant to be visible to all.  So in this situation, I do not believe that this was an invasion of privacy.  Every member of myspace is entitled to seeing bulletins.  Also in this case, this was for the good of others.  Sometimes, privacy rights should be sacrificed in order to save more people.  I do not believe that school officials should search each person’s profile, but if there is a list of suspected students, then they should be viewed.  If one announces what they are going to do, and it will affect the school population, then it should be read by school officials.  Their jobs are not only to run the school, but to protect it.  
	While each person leaves themselves subject to anyone viewing their profile, unless there is good reason, school officials should not view students’ profiles.  As said before, there should be a “suspected” list, and those should be investigated.  The line should be drawn when students who do not cause any trouble are investigated.  Also, it is even worse when students are punished for activities done outside of the school.  For example, the condemning of students for drinking or other activities is wrong because it does not affect the safety of other students.  What one does in their own time should be kept personal, and is not within the realm of school officials.   
	Privacy is important to attain, but must be comprised when other’s lives are in danger.  But, the lives of those who go to the school should concern these school officials.  When it concerns people outside of the school community, school officials should not have the authorization to invade others’ lives.  School officials have the authority to protect its students to ensure a well-running and safe environment. 




