	I have always felt that our country has not yet mastered the policy of separation of church and state.   They have always managed to intertwine in our laws and morals.  While I don’t not believe tat gay people should be allowed to marry in a church setting legally, they should be able to marry.  Marriage is a legal concept, not just a religious one.  It is in the usage of the name “marriage, which is a sacrament, that our problem still resides in.  We haven’t separated religious affairs with legal ones.  The union of two people who love one another is a contract in which the bible should not be consulted.  The problem also resides in our politicians and the staunch Christian roots in our country.  Perhaps, if the term marriage wasn’t used and we separated the church and state further by using other terms, this concept would be accepted further.  
	I believe that states such as Vermont are right to authorize gay marriage.  Like everyone has a right to free speech, everyone should have the right to marry whoever they please.  To integrate religion into this issue, such as saying that marriage is between a man and woman, is very wrong.  Marriage is a binding contract, and due to the roots of our country, the concept of it being between members of opposite genders have leaked into our laws.  To combat this, the term “marriage” should be used only in church settings, and terms such as “civil unions” should be used.  Rightfully so, marriage is a sacrament in the Christian religion, so to separate church and state further, it should not be used in legal affairs.  
	I personally believe that each person deserves to be with the one they love.  When they are looked down upon because of who they chose to love, it is a crime.  Legally speaking, each person should also be entitled to the social benefits.  If a loved one dies, his or her partner should be entitled to their belongings.  These people adopt the children that others have abandoned, and raise them as their own.  Is this not a family, even thought its doesn’t match up to our “traditional” standards?  That child also deserves to have accepted parents in the eyes of the law.  
	Bush is completely wrong to erect an amendment.  It is hateful to the gay population, it secedes them further from Americans, when they should be integrated into society.  This is extremely hypocritical to ignore an entire population.  As a Christian, one should “love thy neighbor.”  Instead he is showing nothing but hate and hypocrisy as he tries to be a “good Christian.”   
	The federal government and our society needs to learn that the governmental affairs should not be mixed with religious beliefs.  We need to accept all in our society, for without unity and equality, our society is doomed.  By recognizing gay marriage as a union between two people who love one another, not as a sacrament, these citizens can become equal American citizens as they should be.  




