	As long as I’ve lived I’ve been told that, “drugs are bad.”  I was enrolled in a anti-drug program in grammar school, where they taught my class all about the horrendous effects of drugs such as addiction.  To legalize marijuana is unleashing this drug to the public, where people will casually stand on street corners smoking as they do to cigarettes.   Honestly, I do not believe this would do our society any good.  Yes, alcohol is a drug too, but it doesn’t have that taboo connected to it as drugs do.  Also, you can become addicted to alcohol, but it is guaranteed that you will become addicted to drugs.  There is only one instance where I believe marijuana should be used legally: for medical purposes.  
	It is not right to have drugs such as marijuana legalized.  Drugs alter the mind just like alcohol does, but it is also very addicting.  If we released drugs to the general public, think of all the more problems that would arise.  First off, more and more people would have to go to rehab due to their serious addictions.  Adolescents under 21would be even more attracted to getting marijuana, because, like alcohol, it is “forbidden” until they reach 21.  This makes it more attractive for if they have marijuana, they are more “grown up.”  Since children will start at an early age, this will lead to even more high school drop-outs and needs for rehabilitation programs.   Also, the city of Denver legalized marijuana in “small amounts.“  How can this be controlled?  If its legal, you can buy as much as you want, as long as its not in the same place.  The more addictions, the more family problems there are.  
	Like alcohol, marijuana alters the mind.  So, when some one casually smokes marijuana and then goes into their car, they are very prone to accidents, just like a drunk person is.  If you’re allowed to smoke marijuana like you’re smoking a cigarette, who’s going to stop you from driving afterwards?   Increasing the amount of inebriated peoples on the road will only lead to more deaths.  Do we really want this to occur?  
	The only purpose for marijuana should be for medical purposes.  Much research is being done on marijuana and its ability to relieve pain in HIV patients.  If its recognized by the FDA, then more research can be done.  This is for the common good.  Drugs such as marijuana should be used to help others, not to destroy lives.  

	




