	I feel that the Catholic Church needs to change its ways to adapt to life in the 21st century.  Many opinions that are held by today’s society are very opposite the church’s.  In fact, I know many people who call themselves Catholic and  believe in abortion, the death penalty, etc.  Obviously, members of the church have moved on with the times, but the church stays stagnant.  If this trend continues, the church will lose a lot of its members, as a church that does not swim with the times cannot survive in today’s society.  To add to this, accusations of pedophilia further embarrasses the church, as it forbids abortion, the killing of babies, but houses those who abuse children.  
	I am Catholic, but I do believe in the woman’s right to choose and in the fact that women should be priests.  Also, priests should marry.  I believe that if the church does not change, it will further separate itself from its members.  I call myself Catholic, but my beliefs differ greatly from the church’s.  Does the fact that I believe in new age technology such as stem cell research make me a heretic?  I still believe in the Holy Trinity, but since I believe that we should have female priests, should I be shunned from the church?  I feel that today’s society tend to ignore the church’s protests against these things, and “pick and choose” what they would like to believe.  
	To me, being against stem cell research doesn’t make sense.  If you can save more lives, why not support it?  The church becomes even more detached from society as they reject new-age technology.  Yes, the cells do come from aborted fetuses, but these fetuses would just die.  Why not use the cells from the soon to be dead to help the living?  It’s like exchanging one life to save another.  The church’s lack of pity for the sick individuals and the inventive procedures of today further separates them from infiltrating today’s society.  
	In a sense, if priests could marry, then I believe we would have a lot more in this profession.  Today, there is a scarcity of men wishing to be priests.  It must be hard to give up the chance of having your own family, so I’m sure this is a factor that turns many men away from this profession.  So, if they could marry, we would have men with families.  By having a larger population wishing to be priests, I feel that this would eliminate the chance of having priests who are pedophiles.  First off, the selection process would be tougher, and a different type of man would be drawn in.  Unfortunately, there may be some priests out there who were drawn to the priesthood because of the time spent with children.  Of course, this can remain the same if they were allowed to marry, but I believe the men would be there because they have children of their own, and they genuinely like to spend time with them.  Also, by allowing women to be priests, we would have mothers, who have a natural ability to care for children.  Perhaps the concept of a priest would take on the role of a leader of a family, as the church is supposed to be.  The entire pool of applicants for the role of priest would change, eliminating the pedophiles that escape into the pool now. 
	In sum, the church needs to make some “updates.”  They need to rid themselves of their old opinions and change with our ever-changing society.  If they continue to separate themselves, their followers may become even more distant, until they no longer exist. 
	




