	I do not support President’ Bush’s decision to go to way with Iraq. Yes, the attacks on September 11th were horrific, but were they really planned just by Iraq? Or, is he just using this as an excuse to go to war like his father did? I feel that it is foolish to risk the lives of so many of our men for this cause. The war should never have started, so I feel that it is way past its time. All of the money that we are spending to kill and be killed should be spent on our safety. 
	I am not against war, but I am very opposed to it when it does not have a justified cause. It is inevitable that countries will disagree on issues and will clash, so the concept of “world peace” is very much out of reach in my opinion. I fully supported President Bush when he went after Afghanistan, where Osama Bin Laden was. Osama Bin Laden and his accomplices killed thousands of our civilians. This is a direct hit to us, and for that, we must retaliate. But, I am very skeptical when we could not find Osama Bin Laden after all these years. Does it have anything to do with the fact that his family has invested money in America? The attention that was suddenly shifted to Saddam Hussein raised a question in my mind. Did he really have much to do with the attacks, or was it the fact that President’s Bush’s father George Bush wanted to go after Hussein also? I do not feel that a good enough reason was given to our country to suddenly turn its attention away from our attacker, Osama Bin Laden, and concentrate on another. 
	Not only do we not have just cause, we are wasting our resources. Young men are giving up their lives for a cause that may not even be true, and may be resultant of secret motives. So much of America’s money, which should be internalized, is being shipped across the sea. I feel that this is waste of money, for I do not see any progress in this “war against terror.” All I hear are our soldiers being killed, and innocent civilians being victimized. We should concentrate on our attacker, and even more so, protecting our country from this happening again. If we do not focus on this, another plane could easily enter into another building. I hear many people referring to this war as “Bush’s Vietnam.” Do we want to have another lost generation? Or should we pull the troops out, give them their lives back, and work on defense instead of offense? I would choose the latter option.  
	President Bush is leading our country into a recession while killing off our men.  His excuses to go to war are not justified, as he is only fueling his own intentions.  This war should be stopped now, because it should have never begun.  





