	Even though women have progressed dramatically, they are still discriminated against. Traditional roles are still expected of them, and they still face this in the workplace, where they are to downplay their femininity and enhance masculinity. Traditional archetypes of women must be eliminated, and it should be made easier for a woman to be both a mother and working individual. As for men, they do not face discrimination, unless it’s for a job that women are primarily employed in. 
	Even today, with the Harvard president insulting women’s “inferior” intelligence, women face discrimination. They are still viewed as the weaker, less intelligent sex. When a comparison is made between women in the early 20th century to woman nowadays, their place in the world is better, but underlying beliefs still exist. Women are still viewed as the homemaker, who are emotional and busy themselves with “flowery tasks.” This becomes extremely apparent when women are placed in the workplace with men. To this day, the average women still makes less than the man who has the same job as her. Do they not perform the same tasks? Had the same qualifications to obtain the job? Yes, but it is because the worker is a woman, and isn’t considered to be the principal “moneymaker” of the house, so she doesn’t deserve as much money as the “man of the house.” I once saw this advice book for working woman, called “Nice girls Don’t get the Corner Office.” In it, I was appalled to read advice such as “control your emotions, downplay your feminine style in your office.” In other words, to become successful in your job, you should act like a man. It is still rare and surprising to see as woman in a place of power, such as a CEO or top neurosurgeon. Why is this so? This is due to the traditional archetypes of women that remain embedded in our society.
	How can we change this? Change has already taken place, as stated before. But, expectations of women should still change. Most bosses are weary of hiring women because they know that when they have a baby, she will go on maternal leave. Then, they worry about whether the woman will return to her job. Of course, it is hard to balance a baby and a job, but these expectations that the women would choose to stay home should be eliminated. In fact, I believe that men communicate fear of having a woman as a boss by using the stereotypes of women to put them down. Men need to learn to cooperate with having women in the workforce, not immediately lowering their expectations of them. Also, women need to keep infiltrating the workforce, for the more one sees a woman CEO, the more one gets used to the idea of it. 
	As for men, they are discriminated against in jobs where women used to occupy primarily. An example is a male nurse. In our culture, they are laughed at, for they are “doing a woman’s job.” Amongst their male companions, I’m sure they are questioned, and amongst their female coworkers, I’m sure they feel discrimination. 
Gender discrimination is still very apparent in our society, especially in high power fields where men once reigned, such as surgery, politics, and business. To change this, we must keep with the current that has been developed thus far, but also changing the archetypes that have been in our culture for so many decades. 





