	Marijuana is a drug.  The effect that is has on the brain is to modify the way people perceive reality.  Some people are pushing for the legalization of this drug. This may not be a bad thing if we hold on to our individual ideals and morals with regard exercising this right.
	By legalizing the use of the drug to persons 21 years of age or older, as is being done in Denver, we must be concerned with the message that this sends.  It must be understood that the government is not endorsing the use of this drug; rather, it is just lifting a restriction of its use.  I do not feel that the short term effects of marijuana use are not that different from alcohol. That being said, each person will react differently, as they do with alcohol, and it must be the individuals responsibility to determine when they are incapacitated.  It is difficult to expect an incapacitated person to make a rational judgment on this matter, but that is what we expect for alcohol consumers.
	Another facet of this situation that must be evaluated is the long term effects of the chemical.  Alcohol can have devastating effects on the human body, but most of these are the side effect of purification of the blood, and do not effect cognition.  Although in some extreme abuse cases alcohol, for the most part, does not cause mental malfunctioning.  This is not the case for marijuana.  The long term effects of its use can cause the person to be slower in mental processing, and have reduced reaction time.  This should be something considered by the user however and should not be a turning point in the debate for legalization.
	If the drug should become legalized, the conventions for use should be the same as they are for alcohol.  Tests would need to be developed to determine the amount of marijuana that a person has consumed recently. In addition, legal limits should be instantiated to prevent wide spread misuse and to manage offenders who will abuse this privilege.  This is the only way that we would be able to determine guilt in matters of misuse of the drug. 
      People should not be able to drive or operate heavy machinery after having taken the drug, nor should they be expected to work while high.  In some situations, coming to work high should be grounds for firing an individual. In other situations, being high at work, so far as it does not inhibit performance will be accepted.  All rules that apply to alcohol should also apply to pot, with the addition of some coordination tests for driving and such.  This will mitigate the problem that long term users will have on others.
      Legalization of marijuana is not a bad thing in and of itself.  Giving people the right to choose how they want to live is okay, as long as it does not infringe on the lives of others.  Once a system is set up to determine the level of infringement a person might have on others, the choice will be left to the individual. Then the personal decision can be made.
	
