
	Being alone is one of the greatest fears people have.  Marriage is a statement to the world, and in some cases to God, that we are not alone.  To say that we have seen the importance of another as it affects is directly is a beautiful thing.  In addition, the United States Government provides benefits to people who have made this commitment to another.  In regards to taxes and ownership of property, the government lets two people to act as a unit, mirroring the way they feel about each other on a spiritual level.  When both of these people are the same gender, problems arise.
	President Bush is pushing for a constitutional amendment that makes gay marriage illegal.  This is not okay.  It directly prevents the pursuit of happiness of Americans.  By making this illegal, we are making a statement about who it is okay to connect with.  The effect of this law is separation of people, not a bringing of people together. I believe that this decision is motivated by his religious views, and should not be included in his actions as the head of state.
	The word ‘marriage’ has come to mean something within the United States that goes beyond the sacramental meaning of the word in a religious context. In the Catholic Church, gay marriage is not allowed.  This is okay.  Catholics have decided that homosexuality is wrong, and if you want to be in their club, you cannot be gay, or at least you cannot act on those urges.  The United States was build on the premise of inclusion, that people of all spiritual beliefs and cultural backgrounds can live together in harmony.  The benefits provided by the government for those who are married should be allowed for all people who have found someone that they wish to partner with.  Why would we want to withhold that right from another?
	I do not think that most gay people are interested in having a Catholic marriage.  I think that there is a universal one. It is a desire to share their discovery with the world, to say “I love this person!” and “I am committed to this person for life!” as well as “We are not alone!”  These are positive things.  By saying that there are some people that it is okay to say this about and some people that it is not okay to say this about is very sad.  Are these statements any less valid because the two people who are saying them are the same sex?  Matters of sexual activity aside, we as humans should strive for this attitude in everyone we meet. Discovering that everyone is an equal, with equal wants and desires is great. Expressing a personal interest in other’s well being should be shared with every human.
	By confusing the term ‘marriage’ in the governmental aspect with the meaning of the word in a religious context confuses the matter.  Once the government gave benefits to married couples, the line was crossed.  We cannot restrict these benefits to people of the same religious beliefs.  Just as an atheist couple can go to their local court house and say that they are married to each other. Gay people should be allowed to make the same commitment to another.  This is not the fall of civilization that proponents argue will occur if we don’t disallow this activity, rather it is the opposite.  People will be closer together and will have a greater responsibility to others.
