	For three years, we have been fighting a war in Iraq. “Operation Iraqi Freedom” has not been completed. Every day the news is full of casualty reports. There appears to be no end in sight. It is time to come home.
	Until September 11th, America had enjoyed isolation from the rest of the world and to a large extent amnesty from terrorist attacks.  This was mostly due to our geographic isolation from the rest of the world.  On September 11th, that changed. The events of that day made many fear for their safety. In response to that fear, we declared war.
	My personal opinions on the war might be considered very common among young adults.  I enjoy that same geographical isolation that kept us free of ground based terrorist attacks for so long. However, that isolation makes me feel somehow separated from the war. Reading the newspaper is confusing.  There are warring factions who have been at war for a few thousand years. They have strange names and foreign motivations.  I live in a country where the oldest buildings are 200 years old. It is hard for me to understand the motivation of fighting for a cause that my father fought for and my father’s father fought for.  The history of Americans in the United States is such that understanding these motives is difficult for us.
	Calling the original conflict “Operation Iraqi Freedom” sickens me.  The name stinks of entitlement. It says that we have the best understanding of what the world needs and that we are ready to impose our belief system on the rest of the world. The idea that Iraq somehow requested our help directly implied in that name and many Americans feel responsible for the “Iraqis” and giving them their freedom.  I’m not sure who these people are.  The Shi’ite and Sunni people are so abstract in my mind it is hard for me to understand who has a greater right to be in charge.  When I hear the stories, I can see both sides of the situation, and although I can form an opinion of who is right, I don’t feel that I should take action at the cost of American Lives.
	Young Americans, like me, are dying everyday over there.  Many do not understand the reasons for the war we are fighting.  In my head it seems so far away. It is sad that we are fighting this war, and even worse that we in all likelihood will continue to do so for the next few years. 
