      Privacy is an important topic in today’s society.  The advent of the Internet and the ability to instantly access information around the world has brought people together in a way that heretofore was not possible. There are however some consequences that might not be so peasant.  Natural Language processing and automated indexing of web documents allows people to employ programs to retrieve and index information faster than could be expected by several hundred people researching around the clock.  Is it fair to gain information in this way?  Is our privacy being compromised?
      Recently, a school shooting was stopped because a student posted a myspace bulletin about the shooting before it was executed. Is this an invasion of privacy?  I think not.  In this case, the information that was put in the bulletin was intended for a wide audience.  The information was made public, furthermore, the student intended people to know of the event.  This was a cry for help.  Here, not using the information would have been negligent.  But the situation is not always so cut and dry.
      Imagine a case where, by monitoring closed circuit cameras and red light cameras, the government could profile individuals as terrorists.  Perhaps all people wearing a turban would be watched and followed.  Even if this action resulted in the arrest and prevention of terrorists attacks, I believe that this would be an invasion of privacy.  Because we are making generalizations on type of clothing and political affiliation, we are crossing a line between what is real and what is fictional.  Correlation does not equal causation.  Just because a person is wearing a turban does not mean that that person is a terrorist.  Following them to their home is an invasion of privacy, and conflicts with their right to pursue happiness.
      We have seen two situations, one in which privacy has not been compromised, and one in which it has. Some would say, “I have nothing to hide.” and “My life is an open book.” This may be true, but what are the consequences of allowing full disclosure on anyone?  I maintain that taking away a right is relatively easy, where returning that right is much more difficult. Every product that can claim it has saved lives is seen as beneficial, however we will not hear stories regarding the inconvenience experienced by those who are wrongly accused. If an incremental approach is followed, then we are in for trouble.  Each step that allows for more advances in monitoring seems like a logical progression from the last, but before long, we have sacrificed too much and cannot enjoy our individual ideas.
      Situations like this must be evaluated on an individual basis. At each level, we must be sure where we are blurring the lines between fact and opinion.  Software that can determine if someone is brandishing a firearm might be helpful, however, software that can determine if someone is carrying the same firearm might not be (as that right is protected by the constitution).  Procedures must be developed to determine how a new technology is accepted. Finally, the individuals who develop that technology must be asking themselves the same questions.  The golden rule might not be enough. In other words, we should always aspire to the greater between the privacy we require and the protected privacies of others.
