	The Catholic Church would do well to evaluate its methods in order to adapt to the 21st Century. This is a good strategy for any organization that is trying to stay relevant to today’s way of life. Situations that could be considered topical today would not even have been plausible 2000 years ago.  Using birth control did not make sense 2000 years ago because there was not danger of overpopulation. Today, many people starve and are not allowed to excel in life because there are not enough freely distributed resources to support them.  In a situation like Africa, the Catholic Church might allow birth control to married couples so that they can be able to fulfill their desires with their partner, and not have to subject a child to hunger, disease, or death.
	Having female priests is not a bad idea.  There is no reason that women in this position would not do anything differently then man other than perhaps offer us a different insight into matter of spirituality. A fresh perspective is often what I seek when I go to Church.  Getting perspective on spiritual matters from another viewpoint helps me in a way that I cannot help myself.  More viewpoints provoke more contemplation on my part and hopefully allow resolution to my conflicts.
	Pedophilia, on the contrary is not a situation that can be solved by policy.  Molesting children is not something that can be considered right in any circumstance.  Allowing priests to get married will not prevent this from happening.  The source of this problem is a mental sickness that is not made better by medicating with sex.  The only solution to this problem is to put the offender in some kind of psychotherapy. Any other response fails to recognize the depth of the sickness and could even make light of the subject.  By saying that marriage would alleviate these desires is saying that these are natural wants that can be mitigated in a natural way. This is not the case.
	Church policy needs to be evaluated on a regular basis. Previously, women were considered inferior members of the human race.  Now this is not the commonly held viewpoint in most civilized countries. Previously, birth control was typically a result of a selfish want to satisfy sexual cravings without consequences or accountability. Today, there is some conflict on this area, as there are situations where using birth control can be the result of selflessness. However, some situations can not be solved by policy.  Matters of pedophilia are wrong in that they have been shown to cause damage in the people who are victimized by this crime.  The wrongness of this goes beyond philosophical speculation.  Changing policy on weather or not the Church accepts these things will not change the moral correctness of these things.
	In conclusion, the Church is responsible for laying down guidelines on how we should behave.  These guidelines should echo what our heart tells us.  The responsibility ultimately lies with the individual regarding moral matters, and we cannot shirk responsibility on the argument that are actions are the result of restrictions placed on us.
