	Gender Discrimination, or being discriminated against on the basis of sexual gender, is a common problem that is still present in the workplace.  It is a widely known fact that within the United States there is a significant difference between the average male and average female salary.  Males typically make more money then women, but can we be sure that this is the result of gender discrimination? Or is this the result of poor performance?  In order to know the answer to this question, we must achieve a broader sense of how women are perceived in the workplace.
	My personal experience with discrimination of this type in the work place is very limited.  In addition, discrimination is something that is hard to gather defendable information on.  Discrimination describes the motivations behind decisions that are being made, not the decisions themselves.  In this politically correct society, there is a strong bias against people with gender driven motivation making their views public. In trying to quantify the amount of Gender discrimination in the work place, we would get better results by trying to find a co-occurring event that will shed some light on the possible frequency of gender related discrimination.  Sexual harassment is one such co-occurring event.
	It is my contention that those guilty of sexual harassment share the same personality flaws as those that discriminate on the basis of gender.  People who cannot see the other gender as an intellectual equal will frequently reduce the person to a function of their gender.  The person who does these things can only see the other gender as a method to fulfill their sexual wants. This is a good event to look at when trying to decide the prevalence of gender discrimination because there are ample statistics available on the web to back up an argument.
	Some statistics provided by the EEOC (equal employment opportunity commission) state that, in the year 2005, 12,679 charges were made on sexual harassment.  Of these, 14.3% were charged by males.  If we are willing to accept this crime as being positively correlated with events of gender discrimination, then we can also use this statistic to determine who is being affected.  Females, in contrast to salary, far outweigh the number of males who experience sexual harassment.  Considering that there are fewer women employed in the office than men, the chance of being sexually harassed as a woman is much greater than that as a man. Sexual Harassment is a problem typically reserved for women, and by extension, so is gender discrimination.  In addition, it must be noted that several incidents go unreported.  Gender discrimination is in fact still a problem in today’s work place.
	Finding a solution to this problem is more difficult that one might think.  The problem originates in the thought process of the men who make decisions in the work place. Education in the form of in work place seminars need to be put in place to make men aware of the way in which they view women differently then men. By repeated exposure to the subject matter, more and more men may become aware of the ways in which they discriminate, and can make the likely hood of such an event less common than they were before.

