	I think that the side that opposes the legalization of gay marriage is definitely wrong. I feel like gay marriage, and gay relationships should not be discriminated against as they are by many groups in the United States. It is really upsetting that some men and women can not make their love and relationships official because of the harsh opinions from other people. I think that gay marriage is not a bad thing and that the government is taking it too far in their attempts to stop it. 
	I believe that if a love exists between two people of the same sex, that it is perfectly normal and they are not doing a bad thing. I think that the love that exists between them is uncontrollable, just like it is for heterosexual couples. I also hate how we have to distinguish homosexual couples from heterosexual couples as though they are two different things. Both involve two people who care deeply for each other. And if heterosexual love is so right, how come more than half of the4se marriages end in divorce? There really aren’t that many differences. And yet millions of people today are still against gay marriage. I think President Bush’s attempts for a constitutional amendment that bans gay marriage is shameful. I don’t understand how he can be the president of a country that prides itself on its allowance of freedom and justice for all people. We are a country run by a democracy, a country run by the people. If these people happen to be gay, then so be it. They’re opinions and lifestyle matters just as much as a heterosexual person’s does. I truly hope that this amendment does not get passed or it will be a sad day for American Democracy.
	On a personal note, I know a person very close to me who is gay. She has been in a relationship with another girl for the past couple of months. I am also currently in a relationship. I have been together with my boyfriend for the past year. When I compare my relationship to theirs, I see slim differences. They go out to dinner, watch movies, and go to parties with friends like my boyfriend and I do. The only major difference is that when we are together in public we are treated by people in a completely different way. If my boyfriend and I are walking together while holding hands, we might be stopped and told how cute we look together. For my friend and her girlfriend, they will be treated very differently. They will be looked at with disgust by some people, I have even seen someone almost snare at them. The occasional person will come up to them and say how proud he or she is of them for not hiding their relationship in public. 
	I have talked to my friend about marriage, and what she says will always stick in my mind. She knows that one day she is going to want to get married to a girlfriend in the future, but is scared that she may not be allowed to. This made me really upset and angry. I put myself in her position: how would I ever deal with not being able to marry my boyfriend who I’m in love with. Ever since then I have prayed and wished that federal government stay out of this issue and that an amendment is not passed banning it. I think to deny the right to be married for these couples, couples just like everyone else would be horrible. 
