	I do not know much about the war, why it really started and why we are still there. But I do have my opinion about war in general and it is that war is not right. I think that the general killing of fighting soldiers on both sides, an often innocent victims, to bring a controversy at “peace” sort of contradicts itself. There are other ways to dissolve a conflict, and war shouldn’t even be the end all means to do so. I believe that the worst of all conflicts should not be confronted by war.
	As I have previously said, I do not know much about the war so to write an essay on it is a little difficult. When President Bush first got elected for president, I was happy. I was not able to vote, but I watched the debates on television and other interviews and thought that compared to his opponents he was a better man for the position. These opinions have changed since then. Once he made the choice for the US to go to war with Iraq, my good feelings for him disappeared. September 11th had already taken the lives of enough innocent people, I did not think any more needed to be spared. Without knowing too much about the reasons why we were initially in war, I still disagreed with what was going on. 
	By the looks of it, war has not done much for the cause. I know that the War on Iraq has lasted longer than World War II, a war that was started for many reasons and involved many countries. I think the most positive thing that has come out during the time this war was started was the capturing of Saddam Hussein, but I believe that could have been done without a war. 
	Last week, the question “are we winning the war?” was asked to a government official in charge of warfare. His answer: “no”. This proves the point that war should not have been started. We are losing a war to a much smaller, less powerful country. The only reason for this is that it was never supposed to exist. I hope that the next president does a better job at handling this situation and that the war is soon ended after he is sworn in.  
