      Yes, I definitely do believe that gender discrimination still takes place in the United States. I feel that women are discriminated when it comes to getting jobs and even when they do get the job, they are often treated with less respect then their male co-workers. I feel like some men are even discriminated against in the workplace because of the way they may act or dress. 
	I believe that female discrimination has existed in the workplace for years and still exists today. I think that this discrimination is caused by the male superiority in the workplace. Typically, a man is the CEO or president of a company a woman may work for. Since this man has a stronger position in the company, he feels like he has control of the woman, so he may say derogative things to her or makes her do jobs that he normally wouldn’t give to men. At the same time, this man might also give a better job or position to a man who is less qualified than a woman, just because of his gender. Women will rarely speak up and say something about the way they are being mistreated because of the fear of losing their jobs. 
	I had a similar thing happen to me last November when I worked as a hostess at a restaurant. My boss, who was the manager and owner, would often make derogatory comments while I was working. He would yell at me for not bringing the right amount of place settings to a table, or if I wasn’t fast enough in seating incoming customers. He even hit me with a menu once for not being at the cash register when a customer was waiting. My male friend also worked as a waiter in the same restaurant. In comparison to the way I was treated, my friend was treated like a king. He would spill drinks, mess up checks, and be late to work almost every shift, but the owner would just laugh it off and let it slide. I couldn’t believe that he wasn’t being treated the ay I was for such worse mistakes. I ended up quitting my job. I told my mom what had happened. She told me that she was glad I quit, but not to tell my dad the real reason why because he would attempt to “kill him.” I knew my dad would have gotten really mad if he knew the truth, but I didn’t feel like causing any problems. I decided to keep my mouth shut and pretend like nothing happens. One year later, I sometimes wish I would’ve done something.
	I think that men are discriminated in offices when they have more feminine qualities. Men who are into fashion often come off as prissy to a lot of other men. These men may also use feminine gestures and talk or act a way that isn’t considered “macho”. This often makes other men feel uncomfortable and they choose to act rude and make harsh remarks to these men. 
	I think that the only way that gender discrimination in the office will end is through time and the gaining of more powerful positions in companies by women. As the amount of female enrollment increases and the male decreases, it will be more typical to see female business majors going on to bigger and better jobs then men. Hopefully along with these positions will come the end of gender discrimination in the office.
