	In order to continue to serve and help its followers, the Catholic Church should change some of its ways to adapt to life in the 21st Century. Many of the strict rules of the Catholic Church are outdated, thus making them difficult for the people to follow.  For example, the Catholic Church has been criticized in the news recently for the pedophilia accusations against Catholic priests. In my opinion, this could have been avoided had priests been allowed to marry. It is part of human nature to have sexual urges and want to sexually active. Simply because a man is a priest does not mean that his hormones have stopped working. Although there is absolutely no excuse for pedophilia, the fact that priests are forbidden from having wives may contribute to this act. Furthermore, less and less men are entering the priesthood every year. The stipulation that priests are not permitted to have wives may be one of the top reasons that keep men from joining the monastery. Most every young man hopes to one day fall in love, marry this woman, and have children. Not allowing oneself to experience this wonderful part of life is a big sacrifice that many men are not willing to make. In addition, if priests were allowed to partake in the sacrament of marriage and raise children, they would be more able to answer questions and give advise to their parishioners on these issues. 
	Another adaptation that the Catholic Church should make for the 21st Century is that it should allow women to become priests. Obviously, when the Catholic Church was created, women were in a much lower social and power position than men. But now, in today’s world, women are equal to men. They should have the same rights and opportunities as men. The Catholic Church, however, has not changed its ways to support the improved status of women in society. This may have also prevented the many charges of pedophilia that the Church was accused of.  
	The Catholic Church’s position on homosexuals should also be adapted to compliment the 21st Century. Although the Church considers homosexuality a sin, it also considers adultery, lying, and violence to be sins. So why is it that the Church still allows adulterers, liars, and violent individuals to belong to the Church? As I mentioned before, the Catholic Church was obviously founded hundreds of years ago, and during this time homosexuals either did not exist or they were totally exiled. The 21st Century, however, is a completely different time in which homosexuals are generally accepted. The Catholic Church should be open and accepting to all people, despite their sins. 
