	The legalization of gay marriage has become a very controversial topic within the past couple of years. Although only a few states have legalized it so far, I am sure more states are soon too come. For instance, New Jersey just recently legalized it. Although I do not agree with the idea of homosexuality, I am opposed to discriminating against gays. They should not be treated any different than anyone else, just simply because of their sexual preference. Therefore, homosexuals should be allowed to marry just like anyone else in this country. 
      Prohibiting someone from marrying is a harsh discrimination. It seems that we are falling into those uncivilized racist ways that were aimed at African Americans, Jews, and Japanese Americans – but now we are targeting homosexuals. It really is that simple. Being prejudice and discriminating against someone simply because of their sexual preference is the same as discriminating because of skin color or religion. Why can’t we be an accepting nation? The United States is filled with an enormous variety of people with different cultures, appearances, beliefs, and customs. Homosexuals have the right to be accepted just like everyone else has that right.
      Marriage is a human right. Everyone has the right to marry from the day they are born (well technically the day they turn eighteen). George Bush’s push for a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage is absolutely absurd. The Bill of Rights in the Constitution was created in the idea that all men are created equal. Altering these equality guidelines with an amendment that discriminates against a single group of people is a slap to the face. It’s pretty much one big oxy-moron. President Bush should not have the right to impose his religious beliefs that homosexuality is wrong on the entire country. Religion does not belong in politics.  
      Those who oppose gay marriage need to learn to accept people, despite their differences. Many of those who oppose it disagree with homosexuality because of their religion. Yet don’t most religions, including Christianity, teach us to love our neighbors and accept all? Then why do the Catholic and other Christian Churches insist on excluding homosexuals? Although the Church considers homosexuality a sin, Jesus Christ taught us that we are all human, we all sin, and we will be forgiven. The Church is willing to accept murderers and criminals in attempt to help them receive forgiveness for their sins, but it won’t accept homosexuals?
      Once again, marriage is a right that all citizen of the United States should have. Although gay marriage is obviously not very traditional, it is still a marriage between two human beings who love each other very much. The federal government has no right to unjustly discriminate against a single group of people by taking away their natural born right to marry. 
