	The war in Iraq has been going on for the past three years, and although we have led some major changes in Iraq, the war is still being dragged out. The United States has toppled the Hussein regime, democratic elections were held, and now even Saddam Hussein has been sentenced to death. I believe that it is time for Iraq to stand on its own. The United States cannot continue to be military presence in a country that can now develop on its own. We have done a great deal to end the dictatorship that cruelly dominated its people. Now, however, that dictatorship is over, and the country is beginning to rebuild. The presence of United States soldiers is very controversial to the Iraqis, many wishing them to leave. I believe that we should begin to gradually remove our troops –starting by removing those troops in the less violent areas, and keeping those in the cities that still need some military structure.
	Currently, the problem in Iraq is a fight for power between two groups. The United States may be doing more harm in trying to help than we are in actually helping. The United States government is a major controversial issue between the two groups, and we may just be adding “fuel to the fire.” The Iraq government needs to solve the division between powers on their own, the United States should not be imposing solutions on them. One of these groups obviously does not support U.S. involvement, so why would they succumb to the United States’ advice?
	Another reason for the United States to remove its troops is the alarming death rates. This October was the deadliest month since the war began. Both our troops and innocent civilians continue to perish, and this tragedy needs to end. Many bombs and killings are in protest of the United States’ military presence. Most of the violence in the country is political violence – the conflicting powers and the United States presence results in violent protests. Additionally, Iraq’s security should not be in the hands of the United States military, the Iraq government should control it’s own security measures.
	Overall, the United States does not even have control over the violence and political situations in Iraq. We may be causing more violence and trouble than we are doing good. The war has been dragged out and at this point, it would be better for the United States to gradually withdraw our troops.
