	In my opinion, the city of Denver has made a groundbreaking and reasonable decision to legalize marijuana. This drug has been perceived so negatively by the media, the government, and school systems that it makes marijuana out to be a killer. They are, however, unjustly giving marijuana a bad reputation. I do realize that it is still a drug nonetheless, but so is alcohol. And alcohol, arguably, is just as harmful, if not even more so than marijuana. Alcohol permanently damages the brain, weakens the heart, essentially kills the liver, and could even kill you in one night. Yet alcohol is legal. The effects of marijuana, however, are much less extensive and extreme. The effects are frequently compared to cigarette smoking – with heavy abuse of marijuana comes lung irritation. Additionally, there have been no solid scientific studies that state that marijuana use directly causes cancer. There have only been studies that suggest that marijuana may cause cancer, but only with heavy use for many years. Yet cigarettes have these same effects, and they’re legal. So why is it that alcohol, which has worse health risks, and cigarettes, which have similar health effects, are legal and marijuana is illegal?
	Marijuana, despite most opinions in the United States, actually does have its benefits. Marijuana can help relax and sooth people who are very stressed out, under a lot of pressure, or anxious. Cancer patients can also use marijuana to increase appetite and improve their mood after chemotherapy. Furthermore, sharing marijuana with some of your best friends creates a unique bond. It is also, in many ways, a healthier choice than alcohol. Abusing alcohol can induce vomiting and severely dehydrate someone, resulting in a hangover. Instead of feeling sick, groggy, and nauseous the morning after using marijuana, a person usually feels perfectly fine. 
	I do realize, however, that marijuana should simply be used, not abused. When marijuana is used frequently and heavily, it becomes a problem. The more severe effects of marijuana usually only occur when abused. Additionally, marijuana got its label as a “gateway drug” as a result of heavy abuse. If marijuana is used in proportion, meaning small amounts sparingly, it will not become a gateway to stronger, more dangerous drugs. Smoking marijuana responsibly allows the user to appreciate its benefits and effects, instead of just wanting more and more. This is why marijuana should only be legalized in small amounts, just as in Denver, Colorado.
