	The bottom line here is that a person’s safety, especially a student’s, comes first. The invasion of privacy is a small price to pay for possibly saving someone’s life. In this case, a threatening note, even if it is on myspace, is still a threat. I believe the school made a good choice in taking action in response to the note. Even though a student’s myspace is his personal website, when he threatens the lives of others- action must be taken. Additionally, myspace is a public website and as long as you have an account (which anyone can make) you can view anyone’s webpage. This means that this student knew that anyone could read the threatening note he wrote - obviously this is not very private. In a way, it is a good thing that he posted the note on a public website – if he didn’t the school may have never been able to prevent a tragedy. 
	One of the responsibilities a school has is keeping its students, faculty, and administration safe. In order to do so, the school must be constantly aware of any problems or concerns and they must take them seriously. If a threatening note were brought to the school’s attention, it would be very wrong if the school ignored it. Even if it is a debatable invasion of privacy, the school still needs to do its job of keeping a safe environment. Therefore, a school should be able to go to any length, provided there is reasonable evidence, to keep a safe environment. 
	Where the school should draw the line of invasion of privacy, however, is debatable. In this case, if a fellow student or concerned parent informed the school of the threatening myspace note, than the school has every right to take action. I do not believe, however, that a school has the right to look freely at a student’s myspace, personal blog, or facebook account. By this I mean that school should not look at the student’s personal information, even if it is posted on a website, unless there is evidence that there is a serious issue that affects the safety of the school and other students. Additionally, a school does not have the right to investigate any other private aspect of a student’s personal life, without reason. For example, a school does not have the right to investigate any aspect of a student’s social life or home life – such as emails, AIM conversations, personal notes, photographs, or cell phone activity. A student’s school life is separate from his home, social, and personal life, but when that student threatens other students, even if it is outside of the school, action must be taken. 
