	Although the United States has progressed greatly in terms of gender equality, there is still an issue of gender discrimination. This issue, however, is not evident all of the time all over the country. There are many workplaces, homes, and schools that treat men and women equally. Yet gender discrimination is not yet extinct. There still are narrow-minded people all over the country who firmly believe that men are better than women, and thus they discriminate against women. This issue especially affects the workplace. Women are still denied certain jobs and careers simply because of their gender. This may mean that a woman is highly qualified for a job, but because she is female, the job would go to a male, even if he were less qualified. Additionally, gender discrimination in the work place includes male employees treating female employees inappropriately. Unacceptable treatment of women in the workplace includes sexual harassment, demeaning comments, insensitivity, and more. Unfortunately, discriminations like these still do continue to occur, even though in today’s world they are unjust.
	In order to solve this issue of gender discrimination, people should be taught from an early age that both men and women are equal. If schools enforce the idea that girls and boys are equal, these girls and boys will grow up believing it. In addition, families and parents must also teach their children about gender equality. If children witness gender discrimination throughout growing up, they will not know any better and they will believe that women actually are inferior to men. They will continue to believe this prejudice and they themselves will contribute to the problem we have today in the workplace. But if children are taught to believe in gender equality, when they reach adulthood and enter the workplace, they will continue to believe in gender equality, thus eliminating unjust discriminations. This solution will help solve the problem for the future, but in workplaces today there needs to be a different solution. Employers and employees who consistently discriminate against women in the workplace – whether it is in the hiring or treatment of women – should also be taught about gender equality. There should be more programs that show and teach that men and women should be treated equally. These programs should also teach employees what inappropriate behavior is and which actions and comments are demeaning. 
	In general, however, the United States has come a long way in gender equality in a short amount of time. People of this country have, for the most part, accepted women as equals and an important part of the workforce. Women’s rights, in my opinion, have evolved more quickly than minority rights. I believe that racial discrimination and bias is a much bigger problem in the United States than gender discrimination. 
	
