	I believe that gender discrimination is absolutely still an issue in the United States today. A few years back, I was writing a paper, and as research, I wad required to find the mean salaries for white men and white women. The difference was jarring: even though our higher academic institutions are now more female than male, white men still made an average of $10,000 more a year than white females ($40,000 to $30,000) the difference between black men and black women is also $10,000 dollars, $30,000 to $20,000). Thus, even though more women are getting degrees than men, it means that either men are making more for the same jobs, or that men are holding more higher paying jobs than women- and a quick glance into a corporate board room across the country will tell you that the latter is most definitely true. 
	Another area where it is easy to see gender discrimination against females is in the ongoing debate about whether or not Hilary Clinton has what it takes to be the next president. Almost every article is prefaced with the question “is America ready for a woman president?” There mere fact that this question has to be asked is a pretty glaring example of very blatant gender discrimination. The insinuation, of course, is that a woman brings something different, something perhaps inferior, to the table than a man does. 
	Of course, discrimination can certainly swing both ways. There are certain professions that men still get strange looks for taking. You don’t see many male hairdressers, or many male nurses (the movie “Meet The Parents”) comes to mind when Robert DeNiro makes fun of Ben Stiller’s character for being a male nurse). If anyone admits to being a hairdresser or a male nurse, he’ll often be asked, well, why? And there’s always an underlying insinuation that maybe, he’s gay- which, of course, in our culture is emasculating.
	 Gender discrimination is alive and well in America. It’s seen in the discrepancy in salaries between men and women, it’s seen in the popularity of men’s sports over women’s sports, and it’s seen in the fact that this country has not had, in 200 years, a single serious female candidate for president- even though many European countries have long since had female presidents or prime ministers. There are cases, too, of male discrimination, but the issue is much less serious, and often comes from jobs that are viewed as too “feminine.” 

