	I am all for same sex marriage.  We live in a secular culture, we obey secular laws, and we do not reference the bible for every decision that we have to make in our lives.  But for some reason we as a culture are sitting back and allowing our president to use the bible as the reason why same sex marriages should not be allowed in our country.  I was a member of SAGABA in high school, which stands for the straight and gay and bisexual alliance, I met some of the most passionately in love men and women I know.  So what if they were in love with members of the same sex, love is love is love no matter what the sexual orientation is.  Does the idea of a man and a man living together really still scare our country?  The topic of homosexuality has been raised in the media, on our reality television shows, and even with our very own vice president.  When a show called the real world has seven cast members and every season at least one member is gay, doesn’t that say something about “the real world,” or at least how our society perceives it.  	Gay parents are perfectly capable of providing a safe and proper home for raising a child.  It is my belief that an adopted son or daughter can flourish just the same with same sex parents as he or she would in a traditional household.  If the love is real than the sexual preference should mean nothing.  Our President holds his high Christian morals in very high regard.  Undoubtedly growing up in Texas our president most likely had a slightly slanted impression of homosexuals.  I know I am stereotyping a state an to be honest just a region of our country in general, but its tough for a southerner to see eye to eye with per say somebody from California or Massachusetts.	
	There should in no way be a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.  The constitution lays the constructs on how to make our country a safe and efficiently run democracy.  It does not tell us who to marry or what is moral.  The constitution is not the bible and it does not contain “God’s word.”  Therefore our president needs to stop quoting the bible as his reason for being so opposed to same sex marriage.  I do not care one way or another if the bible describes marriage as between a man and a woman.  Not every American is Christian and not every American is straight.  If certain states want to ban gay marriage then legally there is no recourse to stop them.  On the same hand if a state, such as California wants to legalize gay marriage they too should be able to do so.  To make such a controversial issue with no clear cut conclusion into a federal law would be premature and unfair to a great percentage of accepting Americans.     
