	I am a member of the facebook.com.  For me it has been an open forum for meeting friends at my school, getting in tough with old high school friends, and of course maybe grabbing a screen name or a phone number of the cute girl that sits next to me in class.  However, last year one of my friends was suspended for one game of his lacrosse season because in one of his facebook pictures he was holding a beer and he is not of the age.  How did he get in trouble?  Our athletic director has a facebook account under some fake name and decided to check my friend’s pictures.  This is an invasion of privacy on multiple levels.  First of all he is using a false identity to look at pictures of college students he knows performing illegal deeds after the fact.  The police couldn’t even have arrested my friend for drinking but our AD can suspend him.  Moreover, where is the line to be drawn?  Our lives are already monitored to a heartbeat here at Loyola, we are given luxurious apartments along with freedom from our parents for the first time in our lives, and then immediately reprimanded by RA’s and prick resident directors for entertaining the idea of beer before we are 21.  
	That all being said I am in favor of finding out about a bomb threat through myspace.com.  As far as I am concerned if it saves lives it is alright by me.  That doesn’t mean I want my house to be wire tapped.  But if I had written on my front lawn that I am going to bomb a building than it would be ok to do some fly by surveillance.  Our government’s role is to protect and to serve its citizens, not to be overbearing and intrusive.  It is my belief that our president should have been impeached for his role in the wire tapping of certain American citizens following the terror attacks on 9/11.  It is just sad that our privacy had to be impinged upon as retaliation for our government not being informed enough about the acts that lead up to 9/11.  
	In our schools, privacy should be permitted to a certain degree where a principals or a deans discretion being used to make final decisions.  Lockers and emails should be accessible for investigation if need be, but under no circumstances should our phone conversations be recorded.  Myspace and facebook transcend both phone and email conversations.  They are open forums for freedom of speech for my generation.  
