	I absolutely feel as though the Catholic Church has to change its ways in order to 
adapt to the 21st century.  Two major issues come to my mind when I think of the 
Catholic Church; those issues are Gay marriage and abortion.  I am a very liberal person 
and I see eye to eye with many of the political views held my leftist in the political world.  
Thus I believe that gays should be allowed to marry just as any other couple that is in 
love should have the right to marriage and obviously I also believe that women should 
have the choice to abort a pregnancy should the circumstance present itself.  The church 
does not believe that either should be allowed and its justification comes from religious 
doctrine that was given or written for us thousands of years ago.  I don’t want to seem 
like I am mooching the church but to be honest things change drastically in a matter of 
decades let alone in a matter of centuries.  We have the proper medical procedures to 
perform abortions with out harming the women.  Furthermore, to quote church doctrine 
that is older than time, and say that a man can not marry another man because in the bible 
it says that marriage is between a man and a women is preposterous.  In the biblical times 
if somebody were to come out and pronounce there homosexuality they could be subject 
to blood letting or a lobotomy, you know to get the “gay out of them.”  Heck if you want 
to go back even further there are numerous written accounts of homosexual acts within 
the Spartan male communities as well as with in the Greek schools for men.  Older 
Spartans would regularly engage in acts of homosexuality with younger Spartans and it 
was perfectly permissible.  This leads me right into my next topic which would be older 
clergy men, specifically priests over stepping their bounds and engaging in sexual acts 
with younger church going boys.  What is the difference between Sparta and the churches 
in Boston where Priests were raping boys?  In Sparta it was part of the culture, in 
America it is a clear act of rape preformed by a priest that is sexually uneasy due to years 
of celibacy and perhaps in many cases unrequited love.  The Catholic Church needs to 
start to allow their priests to marry.  It may seem ridiculous due to centuries of church 
rule against it, however, a married sexually fulfilled priest could perform his job just as 
well as a celibate one, and without the worry of perhaps raping a boy.  Rabbi’s and 
ministers of all other religions are permitted to marry and live normal lives all the while 
devoting themselves to their work and their God.  Along the same lines, women are also 
allowed to be Rabbi’s and Ministers, to not allow women to be Catholic Priests is a major 
gender discrimination that our country has overlooked for far too long.  It is time for the 
Church to meet the times, steps need to be taken to modernize what is now becoming an 
outdated major religious movement.    
