One of my big problems with marijuana being illegal is the complete hypocrisy of the fact that I am allowed to kill myself by smoking tobacco, drinking alcohol, or eating transfats, but I am not allowed to make the responsible, adult choice of smoking/eating/vaporizing marijuana. It is almost impossible to kill yourself by smoking pot as I'm sure we all know. Don't even get me started about the fact that marijuana doesn't cause the violent, aggressive behaviors that alcohol does.  Alcohol in general affects the mood more by jacking it up and then becoming a depressant.  The detrimental health effects from the smoke are much less than those from smoking cigarettes, but inhaling any smoke does cause problems. These problems can be minimized by eating or vaporizing though. I also think there is a major problem with it being classified the same as other drugs like cocaine, heroin, meth, etc. When kids are told that smoking pot will ruin their lives/make them crazy etc. and they realize that this doesn't happen, it illegitimizes the warning entirely, making it really easy to believe that since they were lied to about weed, then the adults must also be lying about the other drugs. It's really, really dangerous. The fact that its illegal also makes it somewhat easier for many kids to obtain than alcohol, since while many people would never sell to a child, many people don't care due to the profit potential. The illegality also creates so much unnecessary crime and violence that just wouldn't happen if it were legal. How many people sell their homebrewed moonshine for incredibly jacked up prices? Why not legitimize and tax its sale, using some of the tax money for real drug education and rehabilitation programs? The way it is now, our prisons are out of control and filled with nonviolent offenders and the only government money being made from marijuana is a result of corruption. And court fees and or fines.  By making it illegal, we also dramatically limit the amount of research that is done on its health and medical effects, whether they be positive or negative. Even though the federal law overrides the states that have medical marijuana programs, its still a positive step and I believe that if more states follow this trend, real results can happen. I'm not sure how I feel about the legalization of other drugs. I do think there are harmful drugs out there and of course there is a potential to abuse any substance really. I do know that what we are currently doing is NOT WORKING and that there are millions of lives ruined by both drug abuse-not marijuana-as well as the drug war's effects. The punishment should not exceed the crime, and in the case of marijuana, as well as some other drugs, this is certainly not the case.  The drug status of marijuana was in the very beginning yellow journalism.  William Randolph Hearst and other lumber heavy-hitters in the 20's gave hemp its "evil" makeover by redubbing it "marijuana" which gave it a foreign/exotic /unfamiliar/distrustful sound.
