Of course the war in Iraq has caused controversy.  All war causes controversy.  Most people have been connecting 9/11 to the Iraq war, and that’s just plain not true.  The government itself has even said there is no connection to 9/11.  Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction.  There were no mobile labs.  There was no anthrax.  That being said, I disagree with the reasons we supposedly went into Iraq.  Perhaps it was for oil, perhaps it was depose a dictator, but frankly, America is not the protector of the world.  It is not our job to take care of everyone.  Saddam Hussein may have been a horrible tyrant, but it is not our job to change that.  The big question is, what do we do now?  We have gone in, whether the reasons are valid or not, we are there.  So, what next?  We can’t just leave; we’ve left them with no recognizable system of government.  We took theirs away and have left it in shambles.  The “government” that’s in place is a puppet it’s not real.  How can we leave them now?  If we pull all of the troops out of Iraq in one fell swoop the society would collapse.  The bigger question is whether they even want a democratic government.  Perhaps, a democracy like we have here in the United States would not work in Iraq.  The society has been around much longer and is much more set in its traditions.  Who are we to decide that they should be democratic?  We can’t choose what’s right for their country any more than we can force the rest of the world to give up their prejudices.  I think the war itself has gone on far enough.  Why is the US building permanent military bases in Iraq?  It quite seems as though we are there to stay, which is not why we went in there in the first place.  
Besides which, we keep sending more and more troops in, but not many are coming home.  We do not need so many troops there.  Unless we are trying to create the American colony of Iraq, bring some of them home! 
Also, no one thinks about the fact that maybe, just maybe some of them just plain are not happy that we stuck our noses into their countries business.  Who gave us that right?  We are not the big brothers for the world.  It cannot be our job to be the police force and the protector for the planet.  We do not have the right to take over, and force our views on others.  Not everyone in the world should necessarily be a democrat.  It will not work in some cultures, they are just too different.   I think this war was started on false pretenses and needs to end.  However I do not know how that can be done, I am not a government strategist, we need to rely on them to pull us out gradually without allowing the government in Iraq to collapse.  
