Privacy rights…That is a hot button issue all right.  In the information age, well, privacy is a hot commodity.  Whether that is on the Internet, in your home, in everyday normal life, privacy is hard to find.  Now that we have the Internet things are even worse.  People place everything on the Internet.  Pictures.  Stories.  Credit Card numbers.  Everything is out there for the world to see.  Most people don’t even enable security features; even more don’t know security features exist.  We have things like Facebook.com, and Myspace.com.  These were originally made as networking sites.  Myspace.com came first.  It allowed people to make profiles, send messages, and post bulletins.  You aren’t supposed to be able to have a Myspace.com account until you are fifteen, however, no one checks and so it easy for children to lie and retain an account.  What was originally a networking web site, has now become a free for all of teenagers and college students playing around on the Internet, showing off their mischief.   Let’s move on to Facebook.  Originally a networking site meant for college students.  You had to have a valid college email address to have a profile.  Rather recently it was opened to the public.  Students have pictures of them drinking underage, engaging in numerous illicit and illegal activities.   They don’t seem to realize that things on the Internet are open to everyone.  Once something is anywhere on the Internet it is public domain.  The Internet is a public domain.  You put it out there someone is going to see it.  Your RA, your principal, your teachers, or even your parents.  Don’t be shocked if you get a phone call about a picture, which was shown, to your parents of you “totally wasted”.  
In reference to the situation in the prompt, no, it’s not an invasion of privacy.  First of all, to see bulletin’s on Myspace.com you have to be that person’s MySpace “friend”.  It does not seem like the teachers were trolling the MySpace boards just trying to find problems.  It seems that this was brought to their attention by another student.  How can that be an invasion of privacy?  The job of the supervisors at the school was to protect the majority of the students, not only teach them.  They had to act even though this may have just been a joke by this student.  I think this example should show teens as well as children and adults that when you say something, especially on the Internet, it can come back to haunt you.  You could be joking, you could be serious, perhaps you just weren’t thinking but these things can come back to haunt you.  This is a big issue in colleges right now, due to Facebook.  Students post pictures of them at parties, or drinking with their friends.  They forget that their RA, and their dean , and their teachers ,and even their parents could easily have a facebook account and be viewing these pictures.  Some colleges are even using facebook pictures as “evidence” in the judicial process.  There’s a fine line, but people need to realize that once you put something on the internet, it’s no longer private. 
