What really is “gay marriage”?  It is a socially, governmentally, and religiously recognized marriage in which two people of the same sex live together as a family.  Many supportive of  same-sex marriage often use the term "equal marriage" to stress that they seek equality as opposed to special rights.  Opponents argue that equating same-sex and opposite-sex marriage changes the meaning of marriage and its traditions.  I feel that the suggestion of reserving the word "marriage" for religious contexts, and in civil and legal contexts using a uniform concept of civil unions is the best answer.  Does our declaration not say all men are created equal? So, why should same sex couples be denied the same rights as heterosexual couples?  I feel that civil unions between same sex couples should have identical legal status to a marriage, and partners gain all the same benefits and associated legal rights; ranging from tax exemptions and joint property rights, to next of kin status, and shared parenting responsibilities.  Those who advocate that marriage should be defined exclusively as the union of one man and one woman argue that heterosexual unions provide the procreative foundation of the family unit that is the chief social building block of civilization.  My issue with this argument is that then we should not allow couples that cannot have children to be married either.  Also, those who do not plan to have children should also not be allowed to be married.  The procreation argument cannot reasonably be used against same-sex marriage, particularly since technological advances allow gay couples to have their own related biological children.  Supporters also argue that making it available to more people would strengthen the institution of marriage, and furthermore that same-sex marriage would encourage gays and lesbians to settle down with one partner and raise families. Others argue that marriage no longer retains a procreative function of the government since many governments offer child tax credits and assistance regardless of marital status.
The example in our government of calling marriage an institution between a man and a woman infuriates me.  It is just a bit more proof of the fact that the separation between church and state no longer exists. The fact that our president called for an amendment banning even a civil union between same sex couples is appalling.  The president is the last person who should be allowing his religious opinions to cloud his judgment.  It is understandable that  gay marriage inspires its own set of passions, with opponents decrying it as a step that will undermine the very fabric of society while supporters posit it as an inevitable next stage in step-by-step acceptance of homosexuality by mainstream America.  But why, is that wrong?  Should we not accept our fellow man in all his many shapes and sizes.  If religiosity is the main contender against gay marriage, is it not true that most religions advocate acceptance and the matter of turning the other cheek.  My belief is that homosexual couples are no different from heterosexual couples and should be treated as such.  
