 People who say gender discrimination isn’t alive and well in our culture are dead wrong.  Have they never heard of the glass ceiling?  Sadly gender discrimination cuts both ways.  It’s aimed both at men and women in our day and age.  I think most people also aren’t sure what gender discrimination really is.  It can be something small, like a man assuming the only reason a woman is upset is PMS, or a woman making a statement making the excuse “its because he’s a man”.  Or it can be something much bigger like a difference in pay for two people doing the same job, with the only difference being their gender.  How does gender make you any different from others?  It shouldn’t even be a characteristic, which is counted.  As if gender is the only thing that could be wrong, or causing a problem.  Maybe the angry woman with “PMS” is just mean, and bitter and angry.  And maybe the man, who made the mistake, actually had a reason for it.  It even gets involved in careers.  There was a very prominent film a few years ago, “Meet the Parents”.  The father in this movie assumed that the main male character had become a nurse only because he couldn’t be a doctor.  The character had actually scored well above average on his entrance exams for medical school.  He made the decision to go into nursing, even though people always make the comment that it is a woman’s job.  Which brings up the point, why do we have these kinds of distinctions?  Is that not a form of gender discrimination in and of itself?  Anything one person can do, another can do, regardless of gender.  
Now I’m not saying that restrictions should be lowered.  In some cases restrictions need to be strict.  Tests for firefighters should be the same for a woman as it is for a man.  This may mean there are fewer women in the field but the women who are there can actually do the job.  Restrictions and limits should be the same for women and man, sometimes restrictions are there for a reason.  
Another thing to talk about is the glass ceiling.  It seems in some gender dominated professions the opposite gender can only rise so high.  They then hit a barrier, which they cannot go through.  Others will be advanced ahead of them merely on the merit of gender.  Others will receive raises while their salary remains stagnant, again on the merit of gender.  It sounds suspiciously like racism.  How is it any different to discriminate by gender rather than race?  Simple answer: It isn’t.  It is the same as not allowing someone a seat on a bus due to their race, only this time it has been accepted for much longer.  Gender is not something which raises someone above another, men and women are different in many ways, but those ways complement each other, they should not battle against each other.  I’m not sure how the problem can be solved, but it certainly won’t happen immediately.  It will take some time.  
