There are a lot of things one can say about the Catholic Church in this day and age.  The Catholic Church has been around in various incarnations for centuries.  It has changed and evolved since it began, but the big question is has it changed enough?  There are numerous arguments against the Church changing, one of these is that the church cannot be wrong because it follows the teachings of the Bible.  A glaring problem with this is that the Bible did not arrive by fax from heaven.  It was written by man.  Not only was it written by man, there are many books that did not make it into the bible, which were written.  These books may have even lent more to our understanding of Christianity as a whole.  The point is that the Catholic Church must move with the times.  As humans change, so must the systems that serve as their support systems.  Catholicism is working under the same rules it has worked under for centuries.  Many of the rules and expectations from the church are antiquated and obsolete.  Others were rules which were made for political and financial reasons and are now seen as religious obligations.  The reason priests are not allowed to marry in the Catholic Church is a rule which was originally made to make the Church money.  The land owned by the priests (on which the church stood) would, if the priest had a family, go to his son, rather than the church.  This would cause the church to lose both the land and the church that stood on the land.  Why shouldn’t a priest be allowed to have a family? In almost every other Christian sect a pastor is married or is allowed to, it gives them a chance at a full life.   Priests are human, just like anyone else.  They deserve the right to live as all humans live, with love, both emotional and physical.  However, this is not the only way in which the church is stuck in the middle ages.  Many other rules are outdated as well.  Women are no different from men, so why should they not be allowed to be priests?  Women have the same ability to be spiritual leaders.  It is understandable that in older time periods women were seen as inferior to men, and it is even understandable that the church viewed women this way.  The symbolism in the Old Testament makes it clear that women are more susceptible to “sin” in the eyes of the church.  In modern times however, we know that women and men are no different from each other, and can do the same things.  We have women in places of power in every other aspect of life, there is no reason for women to be kept down in the church. So many things about the Church are good, but so many others are the exact opposite.  The Church needs to move into the twenty-first century.  So many people trust in the Church as their guiding force, and so it must move with the times and keep ahead of the darkness that people face.  
