	In the recent cited event where police officers were able to stop a school shooting because of information on myspace I believe they were correct in their actions.  First and foremost, the law enforcers of this country have a duty to protect all citizens and uphold the law.  With that in mind, I feel their actions were motivated by this cause and none other.  They did have to cross so-called “privacy boundaries” to do this, however, the issue of privacy in this case is irrelevant.  
	Any of the major facilitators (Facebook, myspace, etc…) of personal information on the World Wide Web these days make the information fairly public to a large number of people; the users merely need, at most, a password and username.  Sometimes those two pieces of information are not even required, as in the case of myspace.  So if there is no restriction or attempt to protect the community of users with some sort of agreement or set of log-in standards, it is unreasonable to call the information on the myspace wall private.  If the information is that easy to obtain, there are not any privacy attributions associated with it.  
	In a moral debate about what is more important to society, privacy or human life, it is still hard to uphold the fact that privacy comes first and should be respected.  When it boils down to the fundamental nature of human society, life is invaluable and should be preserved at all costs.  The fact that people would revolt against law enforcement’s “improper” use of information when it saved potentially many innocent lives is nothing less than appalling.
	Had the specific situation described, or any other situation for that matter, gone through and progressed according to plan the general consensus would probably be to support the use of private information.  I think without the reality of information’s effect on other people, one would tend to favor a more theoretical argument, such as privacy rights in this situation.  If school shootings were to occur, however, the general reasoning would probably change to consent to usage of private information in the case where human harm can be prevented.  
	The idea of privacy rights in the case of myspace pertains to information that is available to the general population on the World Wide Web.  With such easy and unhindered access to the information, it is hard to maintain a case for privacy rights when the sole purpose is to share your information with others.  Again, it is especially hard to maintain the case for privacy rights when that information contains threats to human safety.  The real issues that may stem from the idea of privacy rights on the World Wide Web are rights in other aspects of life:  phone conversations, personal credit information, and personal physical property among many others.
	In my mind privacy rights become a much larger issue, especially recently where the government has been acting controversially to inspect possible homeland security issues, when the information is not generally available to the public or is not meant to be generally available to the public.  When phones are being tapped or personal correspondences are being intercepted where communication is meant to exist privately between small groups of people, privacy rights are being broken in my opinion.  

