	The Catholic Church definitely needs to change its ways to adapt to the 21st Century.  Over the course of time the Church officials have blindly enforced traditions of the Catholic history to aim at, but not obtains, a higher means of humanity; a humanity where virtues such as humility and service, among others, flourish in a harmonious mankind.  While their aims may provide virtuous characters, virtuous because they are working towards such a high good and their actions along the way are thus better, the end is far from realistic.  Some of the means by which to obtain this good are also unrealistic in contemporary society.  
	Back in history, groups of people could and were pressure to use a good amount of their time for worship and the furthering of their own spirituality through religion.  Today’s world presses individuals to lead much more busy and multi-focused lives where it is hard to put so much focus, time, and devotion in to one practice.  Some of the Protestant churches, while stressing its importance, do not require a strict attendance schedule for all followers.  The Catholic Church is fairly strict about its once-a-week requirement to worship and this can be hard to accomplish today.  Additionally it seems as though this time where people should go to look for further spiritual development outside their everyday life is made empty and meaningless as it becomes a monotonous series of routines aimed at a blind goal.  
	Another area where the Catholic Church needs to bring its views in to the contemporary society is science.  Many of the teachings and viewpoints on the church obviously came very early on in history; starting around 2000 years ago and going up through the middle of the second millennium.  During this time there was little explanation for unnatural occurrences, and even some natural occurrences, other than the supernatural.  Now with ever-evolving scientific theories, methods, and technologies, numerous parts of the natural world are now explainable and comprehensible.  
	One example of science clashing with religion is evolution.  The church has the view where everything was created by God with the creation stories in Genesis.  Science, in recent times, has provided more and more convincing evidence towards the idea of evolution, or the idea that organisms modified their very being over time to survive better in their environments.  The Catholic Church is becoming very dated its strict beliefs and understandings of the world.  The Church needs to begin to broaden its perspective as scientific evidence and new technology gives us a greater understanding and means to explain the word around us.
	The Church needs to open up more to increased medical sophistication and medical technology, especially as it pertains to the preservation of human life.  If the Church truly has the mindset that God put us on the Earth to enjoy his creation then why not also accept the means he gave us to live by and enhance our own lives.  I think sometimes the Church forgets that God gave us our minds which support and create all these new ideas and scientific knowledge which can help mankind.


