	I do not think gender discrimination is as much of a problem as it used to be, but it certainly still poses a problem in the present-day United States.  Whether the issue is occupation, political representation, or academic representation, among others, there is certainly still room for improvement.  One of the dangers of the discrimination that still exists today is that it is underlying and not necessarily out in the open like the issue used to be.
	One way to fix the problem is not just recognize the group with a disadvantage (the women), but also have the group with advantages recognize those unearned privileges.  This interesting idea struck me the first time I heard it because it presents a completely new side to an ongoing historical issue amongst the genders.  So, to use this idea in a way that can help fix gender discrimination, males must understand that certain privileges they have are just that, privileges.  Many things have come unearned due to gender discrimination and a seemingly unconscious notion to favor males in the United States.  If these unearned advantages can be recognized as taking place, then action can be taken to offset them and act in fairness or justice when future issues present themselves.  
	When looking at the make-up of the corporate population in the United States it would certainly prove evidence enough that women are still being discriminated against.  The rate of discrimination, however, has dropped significantly and the numbers are starting to make a turn for the better.  Discrimination is something that will not be fixed over night; representation for females in the corporate world can not be immediately put to equilibrium.  Certainly if statistics are analyzed over the past decade or so, they would show a rise in the number of females taking on upper-level executive positions within companies.  This is evidence that discrimination did exist but is in the process of being fixed.  
	I do feel men are discriminated on from time to time as almost all individual is at some point in his or her life.  To help fix or mend the discrimination against females in the past, there are many companies partaking in a form of affirmative action.  In this situation, if there were a male and a female being considered for the same position, the job would go to the female if the qualifications were similar.  In this case men are certainly being discriminated against but that is necessary in order to fix decades, if not centuries, of gender discrimination against females.  
	Additionally, I think men are discriminated against just as much as other groups in society.  Stereotypes do exist about men jut as they do about women, other ethnicities, or age.  I do not think, however, that these stereotypes that some hold about the male gender and use as a form of discrimination have affected men the way women have been affected.  Certainly the affects of discrimination against females are much more noticeable in the workforce and beyond.
