	The states that have legalized gay marriage are more humane, and thus right on the issue.  It is not the business of any state, government, or otherwise to interfere with the loving relationship between two humans.  Governments were established in the best interest of the citizens and to ensure justice; since when did the governments make it their business to impede on the social and private lives of the citizens when it comes to what relationships they can or can not legally have.  
	Scientifically speaking, it has been proven that men or women who are homosexual are born with this tendency or desire.  As far as this pertains to the church, if it is their belief that God is the creator of human life thus making it sacred, then there is further fault in their stance on gay marriage.  If God creates all humans, even the ones with homosexual tendencies as a part of their genealogical structure, then they too deserve the sacred bonds that God has made in marriage for his human creations.  
	As far as the federal government’s involvement in the issue, it is completely and utterly wrong.  The government has no right to govern such a diverse country on religious issues.  When there are Christians, Jews, and Muslims in the same country, there is no justifiable way for them to back any law on a strictly conservative Christian stance.  Religion is certainly not a science and is extremely subjective in its interpretation, so for the government to use it as a means to support something like the banning of gay marriage is impractical and demoralizing to their credibility.
	The way families are constructed in more recent history has changed a great deal, and this is just one more example of the Christian Church’s need to modernize.  Science has brought fourth evidence of a person’s genealogical structure that shows they have sexual preference encoded in their DNA.  It would suit the church best to respect the new findings of science and change their view accordingly.
	The family can still flourish and the same love can evolve out of homosexual set of parents.  Adoption and new ways of creating offspring such as invitro fertilization or surrogate motherhood have made families possible for homosexual parents.  If they can legally create a family in one of the aforementioned manners and can still provide for the family in the same way heterosexual parents could, then certainly family life is no reason to ban gay marriage.  
	If the problem with legalizing gay marriage has to do with Christian approval, then the state can call the bond something such as “civil bond.”  The government has no business tying its policies to religion in the first place, but if that is a thought that perhaps there should be a state-sanctioned name that grants the marriage as a legal action from the state or country, as opposed to a religion.  This route would ensure there remains a separation from church and state and gay marriage could flourish as an act of a free country and not a behind-the-times religion. 
