	The recent legalization of small amounts of marijuana to users 21 years and older has certainly sparked much debate.  I believe that its effects are similar enough that it should be made legal.  There have been numerous tests and studies performed to assess the consequences of marijuana smoking versus cigarette smoking, and the differences between the two are not that great.  When compared with alcohol both, in moderation, provide a very similar obstacle to the senses.  
	The fact that marijuana has been made legalized in small amounts seems legitimate enough because most of the harmful effects, like many other drugs, have been proven to exist after long-term, frequent use.  The fact of the matter is that any of these drugs are not extremely life-threatening or detrimental to one’s mental development when used in moderation.  In moderation the effects are minimal and can be contained.  With marijuana, however, as with any drug such as alcohol and cigarettes the effects increase exponentially under frequent, long-term use.  
	The decision to make marijuana legal in small amounts could also help lower the crime-rate and keep the money for the product in the city’s economy (as opposed to the black market).  When a desired product is made legal it cuts the amount of black market deals and crime associated with the product.  This is so because it is no longer illegal to perform the actions so the desire can still be fulfilled without the illegal attribution.  Of course there will still be crime associated with the use and selling of marijuana just because it was not completely legalized, but a percentage will be cut out as those occasional and moderate users can be satisfied legally.  	
	Recognizing the relative safety of the drug in moderation, Denver can also make a positive economic boost.  Since the sale of the good became legalized, the government can now associate taxes with the good and sales may increase since there is a greater ease of acquiring the marijuana.  While taxes may hinder some from the purchase as opposed to the black market purchases, I think it would prove better for the majority of those in the market.  Even with taxes, the actual purchase is much easier, convenient, and without legal risk.  
	The only problem I see from legalizing the marijuana in small amounts is how they are actually controlling the amounts being sold to customers.  One customer, as I understand the situation, could theoretically obtain a small amount from several different retailers making a rather large portion for that individual.  This would cause a problem as the idea of moderation is pushed aside and the marijuana can cause serious brain and respiratory problems in the long run.  
	Overall, I think the city got the age right by not likening the substance to cigarettes, but rather alcohol.  I think the effects are much closer to alcohol, even those some of the health side effects are repeated with cigarettes.  As far as mind alteration, it would seem that marijuana and alcohol are closer.  My educated guess of the average age for marijuana users in the United States is probably about 18, so with a higher legal age, the government is still giving this choice for moderation to those more responsible for the usage.  

