	The war in Iraq, while aimed at respectable purpose has drawn on for too long and has become detrimental to the United States of America as well as the citizens of Iraq.  The aim of the war, on the surface anyway, is to enable to people of Iraq to escape the reigns of a harsh tyrannical ruler and experience the freedom and liberation of a democratic government.  Some feel, and I tend to think there is a hint of truth in this assumption, that George Bush’s involvement in the war stems at least partly from an ongoing family feud between George Bush Sr. and Saddam Hussein.  
	The war should have ceased after the ruler was taken from power and other insurgents and accomplices of the reign were effectively removed from their positions.  The war seems to have run on aimlessly at this point, forgetting the purpose, and failing to empower the people of Iraq.  There comes a point when the Iraqi citizens need to take power back for themselves, and I think that point has come and gone.  The United States is seeming less and less like a helpful friend to Iraq and more and more like a force on a wild, uncontrolled path towards making some political statement world-wide.
	Even back in the United States the war seems to cause nothing but negative effects economically and socially.  Soldier after soldier is dying for what has become a useless and drawn out cause.  It is ridiculous to think that the perpetual nature of the war is a just trade for the lives of American soldiers.  The point has been made that we want to spread democracy, and certainly there is great truth and cause in that pursuit.  The war, however, made that point a long time ago and now more and more soldiers continue to lose their lives.
	Economically speaking, this war has cost the country billions and billions of dollars.  There are certainly more worthy causes for our country’s money on the home soil.  Poverty is one example of war we are trying to fight on our home turf right now, and that eighteen billion or so dollars that has been spent on the war would go a long way to aid those in need here.  We are spending an excess of money on foreign soil to aid foreign citizens when there are American who need help from all of those funds.  I do believe the spread of democracy is a just pursuit but, as I have mentioned, that purpose has long since been declared, achieved, and passed.  Democracy back in our own country calls for the aid of millions in poverty, and their cries should not go unnoticed because that is part of the democratic system.
	 The other issue with the war in Iraq is the prioritization it was given over the war on terrorism.  Saddam Hussein was not the one that attacked our country and killed thousands of our citizens on September 11, 2001.  If we are to pursue any type of war our efforts would be more just when aimed at the end to terrorism.

