      I do feel that in some ways, the Catholic Church needs to change in order to adapt to life in the 21st century.  I do, however, completely understand the reasoning that some people would have who would be opposed to this change.  But for those who would say something along the lines of the following, I disagree:  “The Catholic Church should not need to change its ways to adapt.  What is happening is that people are just drifting further away from the Church.  Yes, the world is changing, but that just means that we need to hold stronger to the truths and ways of the Church.”
	I disagree with the above reasoning because I believe that many of the “laws” of the Catholic Church were made merely by humans who were looking to further the Catholic Church politically, not to enhance the spiritual lives of its followers.  For example, if you look at the example of not eating before receiving Holy Communion, you see that this rule has change over the years.  A couple of decades ago, pre-Vatican II, you were not allowed to eat anything from around late Saturday night until after church on Sunday morning so that your body would be empty and ready to receive the body of Christ.  Now, that rule has been changed to be that you should refrain from eating approximately one hour before receiving communion.  Who came up with either of these “rules” and who changed them?  Humans.  I do not feel that I am lacking spiritually because I can eat closer to the time of communion than, say, my parents, who when they were younger had to follow the earlier rule.  Many trivial rules such as this deter people who were raised as Catholics but not choose not to practice their religion.  
      From my personal experience, and from talking to other people, I get the impression that with all of the rules and regulations, many people adopt an “all or nothing” approach; if they don’t feel that they can play by all of the rules, then they figure why bother.  Because of this, I feel that the Catholic Church is losing members.  Many people are raised Catholic, but do not actively participate in the Church once they get to the age where their parents no longer force them to attend mass.  I believe that if some of the rules were adapted to the 21st century, then maybe more people would play an active role in the Church and truly practice the Catholic faith.  
      Regarding the issue of allowing priests to marry, I think that they should be allowed.  As a member of the congregation, it is sometimes difficult to connect with the priest because he leads a life that is so different from your own.  Were priests allowed to marry, they would have much more in common with their parishioners and could better reach them spiritually as a result.  I think that if priests were allowed to marry, this might prevent some of the instances of pedophilia.  I think that in many cases, some of the men who are priests today became priests during an era when homosexuality was not as openly accepted as it is today.  If they did not want to marry, another option for men was to become a priest, because this avoided the question of why you were not getting married.  However, some of these men had built-up sexual tension, which they took out inappropriately on children of the church.  
