      Some states have legalized gay marriage, but other states have not.  This issue is a big one in the United States.  I do not real feel that either side is right or wrong.  This issue is one which is so personal, that I can not really determine how I feel about it.  At the risk of sounding self-centered, I will say this anyway:  since I am not homosexual, this issue has not really been one that is in the forefront of my mind.  I am not going to be directly affected by laws which legalize or ban gay marriage.  To me, it doesn’t really make much of a difference whether or not gay marriage is legalized.  If homosexual couples want to enter into a legal bound relationship such as marriage, just as heterosexual couples do, then I can’t really see that it is right to prevent this from happening.  Who are we to tell two people who are in love and want to spend the rest of their lives together that they are not allowed to get married?   On the other hand, marriage is traditionally thought of as a sacred bond between a man and a woman.  
      To help decipher how I feel about gay marriage, I will first go to the root – the idea of marriage itself.  In this day and age, when it is becoming more common for couples to live together and to raise families without ever getting married, we must ask why people get married.  If you can live together and have a family without being married, then why do it?  My answer is that when you marry someone, regardless of all of the legal aspects of marriage, you are saying that you love that person so much that you want to spend the rest of your life with them.  You make a vow that through good and bad, you will stay together “until death do us part.”  These are pretty powerful ideas.  So if two people really are this much in love and really to want to commit themselves to this sort of a bond, then they should be permitted to, whether or not they are heterosexual or homosexual.  
      Now, all of that said, I still can’t quite shake my old-fashioned ideas about marriage being an act meant for a man and a woman.  Also, although I stated earlier that it is possible to live together and to have children without being married, I feel that if you love someone enough to start a family with them, then for the sake of the children, you should get married.  If you are not planning on staying in a committed relationship with your partner, then you should probably not have children.  
      As far as whether or not the federal government should be involved in this issue, I feel that we, as a country, should at least be united on the question of the legalization of or banning of gay marriage.  While I do not really feel very strongly one way or another (I am not necessarily a supporter of gay marriage, but I can’t say that I am “offended” by it, or really strongly oppose it either), I do believe that whatever decision is made, should be true throughout the whole country.

