      Recently, the city of Denver, Colorado has decided to make it legal for people over 21 to purchase small amounts of marijuana.  Personally, I do not feel that this is a good idea.  I do not have very strong reasons to back up this view, but basically I feel that the government should not be making it easier for its citizens to use drugs.  While marijuana has not been shown to be addictive, it is still a drug that impairs the body.  Like any other drug or alcohol, marijuana is certainly a drug that can be abused or overused.  
	Although Denver might legalize marijuana only in small amounts, once the city allows people to purchase the drug, they can not control what people do with it.  The government can decide that only people over 21 can use the marijuana, but surely it will get into the hands of people under 21.  In this regard the situation is similar to alcohol:  while alcohol is only legal for consumption or purchase by people over 21, people under 21 find a way to get alcohol.  Although marijuana is not legal in the United States (other than in Denver), people still smoke.  Just because it is against the law does not stop people from finding ways to obtain the drug, but I don’t think that the government should make it even easier for people to get marijuana.
	In the United States, we already have a huge problem with people drinking and driving.   So many lives have been lost because people drive under the influence of alcohol.  Even though the punishment for drinking and driving is significant, people still do it anyway.  We have a hard enough time keeping our roads safe from people who drive drunk.  It doesn’t make sense that we would legalize marijuana, since this would just provide another way in which people can impair their senses.  We will just have the problem of people driving under the influence of marijuana, which could be just as dangerous as driving under the influence of alcohol.  Obviously, just since marijuana is not legal doesn’t mean that the road are free from people who are high, but by making marijuana legal, we would just be increasing the risk that there would be people on the road who will be endangering the lives of others.  
	Another reason why I do not think that it makes sense for the city of Denver to legalize marijuana is because it seems very strange to me that a drug would be legal in only one city.  I really don’t see how it will be possibly to control the distribution of the marijuana.  If we think that we have a problem with drug trafficking now, I believe that it would get even worse if we made it legal in once city.  At least when it is not legal at all, the rules are cut and dry.  But by allowing marijuana to be sold in Denver makes things much more complicated.  How do you control whether a shipment truly makes it to Denver or if it goes somewhere else instead?  This all just seems very complicated to me and much more trouble than it is worth.  
