      I definitely feel that gender discrimination is an issue in the present-day United States.  I also feel that women are discriminated against much more than men, especially in the workplace.  Regardless of opinions, studies have been done which show that on average, men receive higher salaries than women who perform the exact same jobs.  To me, this seems completely unfair.  If two people do the exact same thing, have the same role and perform the same tasks, why should the male get paid more than the female?  This is gender discrimination.
	You often hear about the glass ceiling that women fact in the workplace, particularly in the business world.  They can see above, where they might like to go, but they can not actually reach it.  In the hierarchy of Corporate America, most (not all) of the highest ranking positions are held by men.  Yes, women are involved in management and have high level jobs, but the majority of the top positions are filled by men.  It often seems that women can climb the ladder, but they can not quite make it all the way up to the top.  I can’t see the fairness in this.  If women are equally as qualified, why can’t they hold the same positions as men?
	I don’t know how to solve this problem until the stereotypes are eliminated.  What I mean is that until we as a society get over these misconceptions, we will not be able to eliminate gender discrimination.  For example, say that two people are being interviewed for a top management job.  They both have identical resumes, but one of the applicants is female and the other is male.  If the general atmosphere in the office is that men can perform these leadership jobs better than women, just this stereotype works against the woman.  If the employer feels that the man will receive more respect from his peers than the female, this will help the male to better perform his job and thus it makes sense to hire the man over the woman.  This vicious cycle will repeat itself over and over again.  The women never get the chance to earn the respect that they deserve because in order to earn the respect, they have to be given the opportunity to prove themselves worthy of that respect.
	I do not feel that men are discriminated against nearly as much as women.  One way that I can think that men face discrimination is in the stereotype of women being more nurturing and better at taking care of children.  For example, when a couple gets divorced, often the mother is more likely to get custody of the children.  This situation has begun to improve greatly.  Another example of this stereotype against men would be to think of a situation of a day care center.  Imagine that you went to drop your kids off to daycare and all of the teachers at the day care were men.  You might me somewhat more hesitant to leave your kids with these men than you would to leave them with a group of women.   But in general, I feel that women face much more discrimination than men do.
