      I think that is it good that school officials were able to prevent a school shooting, regardless of how they came about this information.  Which issue is more important:  the death of a student, or the fact that a student’s privacy might have been violated?  In my opinion, there is a clear cut answer:  the student’s life is much more important.  Frankly, I don’t even really see this as an invasion of privacy, since the information was posted on the Internet.  The information on the Internet is available for millions of people to see and when you post anything online, you need to be aware of this fact.
	Even though I am glad that the school official saw the bulletin on myspace since it saved a student’s life, we can still ask the question of whether or not this was an invasion of privacy.  To do so, we must know how the school official came across the information.  While I do not have a myspace profile myself, I know that myspace has certain privacy controls.  One of the settings is that you must grant someone permission to see your profile.  If this student had this setting on, then in order for the school official to have read the posting, the student must have granted the school official access to his or her profile.  If this was the case, then it was not an invasion of privacy, since the student gave permission.  If the student did not have this setting on, then he or she must be aware that anyone who has access to the Internet also potentially has access to view the information that is posted in his or her myspace profile.  If this was the case, then I still do not see this as an invasion of privacy, since the student posted information that is visible to everyone.  When ever you post any information on the Internet, you must realize that virtually anyone has access to this information.  Thus, it is up to you to monitor what you post.  If there is something that you do not want everyone to see, then you must be responsible and sensor what you post.  Think twice before putting anything on the Internet, because you never know who will be reading it.
	Now, all of that said, I will admit that it is a little weird and we must question why the school official was looking at the student’s myspace profile.  (I am happy that he or she was looking at it since it prevented possible loss of lives, but I will admit that it is kind of strange.)  Was the school official just randomly on the Internet and just happened to see this bulletin?  I highly doubt it.  What is more likely is that this student was suspected of being up to something or was profiled as a troubled kid.  The school official was most likely intentionally looking at this student’s profile in an effort to come up with more information.  It is hard to say where to draw the line here.  On the one hand, you might say that a school official should not be sitting around snooping through students’ myspace profiles.  But I still can’t get over the fact that had this school official not done this, innocent lives might have been lost. And to me, it is more important that lives are saved, than that we protect the privacy of teenagers.  
