      The war in Iraq is certainly a very controversial issue indeed.  Honestly, I am not even sure exactly how I feel about it.  I do not believe that I know enough about the current situation or about the whole history of the situation to truly make a decision.  I would like to be more knowledgeable about current events such as this, but I don’t watch the news or read newspapers enough.  One thing that I do feel about the war is that I would like it to end as soon as possible.  I would like our troops home and safe.  Too many innocent lives have been lost already.  I am, however, very supportive of our soldiers.  
      I also feel that since the United States intervened in Iraq and basically eliminated whatever political structure existed in Iraq, it is up to us to finish what we started.  It would not be fair for us to go in, knock out whatever form of government existed (no matter how tyrannical or harsh it was) and then just leave the Iraqi people to clean up the mess that we made.  So while I would like for our troops to be able to come home soon, I do see the need for us to remain to keep peace while the new democratic government gets on its feet.  I just don’t want us to stay longer than is necessary.  This war has gone on long enough.  
      As far as the start of the war goes, I am not sure if I feel that we should have gone there in the first place.  After the events of September 11th, I could definitely see the reasoning and the logic behind the war in Afghanistan:  our nation was terrorized and attacked and we wanted to find the people responsible for that.  It would have been very odd if we had not done something in response to the attack on September 11th.  However, the war in Iraq is not directly related to September 11th.  After the terrorist attacks, naturally our country was on the watch for anything that might pose a threat to our safety.  Security everywhere was heightened.  When news came out that Saddam Hussein might have weapons of mass destruction, obviously we were very concerned.  We did not just want to stand by and wait until these weapons could possibly be used against our country.  On the other hand, we wanted to exercise diplomatic ways of going about it first, before just starting a war.  But Iraq would not allow the United Nations officials to search the country for the weapons.  This made us even more nervous.  We didn’t want to wait.  We tried to get approval before just going in, but this led to the whole issue with France.  
      This is where I am confused on whether or not it was the right decision to wage war on Iraq without the consent of the United Nations.  This is also where many anti-Bush people bring up the issue of oil, stating the Bush just wanted to get oil and that that was the primary motivation for going into Iraq.  What I can think of, is that if we had not gone into Iraq and it turned out that they did have weapons of mass destruction that Saddam Hussein sold to terrorist organizations which then attacked us, we would be very sorry and would be wishing that we had done something as a preventative measure.  It just seems like a huge shame that so many lives have been lost along the way.  
