	This issue of the student who posted a MySpace bulletin and claimed invasion of privacy has irked me since we first started discussing it.  What I don’t understand is perhaps simply about MySpace itself.  I have never been a member of this site, but I have been on it at various times in order to see a friend’s profile or perhaps to check out a music group that have their own page.  From that point of view, what I understand about the site is that it is very public.  Any person can view anyone’s profile and read their messages and blogs.  Now if this is truly the aim of the site, then I don’t understand how this can be considered an invasion of privacy in any way.  Writing that you’re going to kill someone and posting it on a website where anyone can freely read it is akin to walking out in the middle of the street and shouting the same thing.  If the intent of the writer was to keep something private, then why on earth would he post so that anybody and their mother could read it?  For me the majority of the argument of what is invasion of privacy is based on the intent of the “victim.”  Most people, for example, don’t want strangers walking around their house, or government officials looking through their things for no reason, thus we have laws against trespassing, breaking and entering, and unlawful entry for police officers.  This is the same reason that we have locks on our doors: because the house is a private place.
	Now most people understand that the home is a very private place and don’t disregard other’s privacy rights without understanding the consequences of their actions.  However, the internet is relatively uncharted terrain.  It’s hard legally to prove what is private and public on the internet, and what is infringement of privacy rights.  However, I don’t personally feel like there should be any grey area, and this is determined by what is viewable by the public.  If you are talking online in a chat group, then anyone is free to join that chat group and talk.  However, if you are having a one on one conversation on instant messenger, no normal person without any hacking abilities or tools could read your conversation besides the two of you.  So if someone does, that’s an invasion of privacy.  If you create a MySpace page that any member of the public can see, then viewing this page to potentially stop a crime is acceptable.  However, if one creates, let’s say, a facebook page, where privacy options allow the profile to only be shown to those whom the user chooses, then an ordinary person without these privileges would be invading one’s privacy by viewing their page.  Of course, however, if the page is shown to this person by a “friend” of yours on this program, then this is simply a case of trusting the wrong people, and since you did make your page public to this person, it is no invasion of privacy (legally) for this person to display it for the entire world to see.  This is the same as having a telephone conversation with another person.  It’s an invasion of privacy if without consent of either party someone else listens in.  However, if one of the two people having a telephone conversation turns around and informs the police of the entire conversation, there is no legal recourse.

