      When it comes to the legalization of marijuana, I have long felt and continue to feel that there is really no reason to continue this useless war against the drug.  Most of the anti-marijuana campaigns I have witnessed have few to no facts backing their claims and are more aimed at using emotional impact or bandwagon propaganda techniques in order to convince their viewers that smoking marijuana is an evil.  The latest anti-marijuana commercial I have seen is just a girl and her dog, and the dog complains to the girl that she’s not the same when she smokes.  This is perhaps the most ridiculous commercial I have ever seen.  Without a single fact or figure in the entire commercial, are we supposed to be moved by a talking dog?  A little critical thinking about this might provoke the idea that the reason commercials avoid using concrete evidence is because there isn’t any.  When the facts are really examined, this becomes more and more evident.  As far as long term effects go, there is little scientific proof linking marijuana with later health problems such as cancer, in fact the good marijuana does by healing patients of glaucoma and alleviating the symptoms of other diseases seems to contradict the evils of long term effects.  Besides, do long term effects really hold any say in today’s economy?  The evils of the tobacco and food industries do more harm than marijuana could ever do.
	So it must be the short term effects that the anti-marijuana advocates have such a problem with.  However, how are the effects of marijuana any more severe than those of alcohol?   When taken in moderation, neither drug is particularly harmful.  When taken responsibly, neither one is a real danger.  However, when abused and taken in excess, the effects of marijuana are far less severe than alcohol.  An “overdose” of alcohol can lead to alcohol poisoning, blacking out, or ultimately death.  However, it is physically impossible to smoke enough to weed to overdose.  Besides, there’s a definite point where one really can’t smoke anymore.  In fact, there’s never been a documented death due to marijuana overdose.  The closest hospital trips due solely to marijuana are for dehydration, which shouldn’t even be a problem when the drug is taken responsibly.
	So all that is left to examine really is the side effects of the drug, or rather everything surrounding the use of the drug, from what one might do while intoxicated, to the burgeoning drug culture surrounding marijuana.  As for actions taken while intoxicated, this is 100% correlated with the responsibility of the user.  If an intoxicated person decides to drive, this is no worse than drinking and driving, if not better.  But it is also still 100% the user’s decision to drive.  Sure, marijuana might impair one’s judgment, but it does not impair one’s sense of social responsibility.  If one decides to drive while intoxicated, they probably are missing the sense of responsibility not to drive intoxicated in the first place.  It is not the drug’s fault, but the fault of the driver.  This is why keeping the substance controlled and sold in moderation is a good idea.  It keeps the supply in the hands of legitimate business and out of the pockets of drug dealers, and while this may make the drug more easily available to those underage, it will effectively make the drug safer for use, limit the quantity available, and remove some of the mystique surrounding an illegal drug.  In effect, legalizing the drug will provoke users to be more responsible with it, as shown in cases in Europe, where the drug is legal in certain countries. 

