Participant #14 Essay #5 – Catholic Church
	Luckily, I have experienced life up until my college life with minimal to no influence from the Catholic Church.  My father is a minister in a small denomination of Christianity referred to as the Church of the Brethren, which is a completely different view of Christianity than Catholicism.  If I still retained my beliefs in religion or God that I did until about high school, my father’s church is most definitely the church I would stick with.  It’s a church that altogether practices much more to the example of Jesus Christ than Catholicism, which seems to me more like charades and motions then actual spirituality.  The Church of the Brethren is also historically a peace church and a church that stresses simple living (so that others may “simply live,” as their motto goes), most truly to Jesus’ example.  However, over the years I have been more than disillusioned to religion, and hold a different stance denying the need for religion altogether.  Personally, I feel that if one does believe in a higher power, one does not need a religion to hold a personal relationship with this higher power, and what is a church then, other than a series of rituals and “incantations” that just denies the ability of humans to individually know and love their God?  Surely, the morality of religion is necessary, but that this morality must be explained as rules from a higher power that must be followed in order to ensure our place in a decent afterlife seems unnecessary.
	However I may view the necessity of religion, while religion is here to stay I don’t view it as an evil at all.  In fact, I think that for a majority of people, religion has been helpful and I don’t feel the need at all to abolish it.  While I might not like the concept, I am entirely open to letting whoever wants to try religion out for size a fair chance.  Toleration and freedom of religion are very important to me, and just as I allow homosexuals, women and minorities the same rights, I allow freedom of religion.  Now while all the may seem like a tangential dissertation on religion in general and not entirely related to the question, this is my very point.  Do I think the Catholic Church needs to change?  Absolutely not.  If the church changed the opinions it has held for the last couple thousands of years, then it wouldn’t be the same church.  That’s why we have freedom of religion.  If the Catholics changed their beliefs then they would be Lutherans, or Protestants, or Calvinists.  If one does not agree with the religion of which they are currently a member, then they can find a church that agrees with their morals.  The only problem I have is that so many Catholics believe that Catholicism is the only way to get saved.  When asked about Christianity, almost every Catholic I know refers to Christianity and Catholicism synonymously.  It seems as if the bishops and the pope believe they are simply better than other denominations.  While certainly each denomination believes it is the best and truest form, most other denominations I have witnessed believe in cooperation because their disagreements are minor.  However, it seems to me like Catholics don’t even consider other churches as valid, so if I would change anything, that would be it.

