      This essay hopefully marks the last time I will ever need to argue about the War in Iraq.  Fortunately for me, everybody is beginning to agree with the point of view I have had since the start of the war.  Of course, this is unfortunate for our country, because if we had a legitimate reason for entering the country, and were fighting a just war, then we wouldn’t be the bad guys.  Unfortunately, we didn’t have a legitimate reason, and this war isn’t just.  Why did we enter in the first place?  I think the reasons the Bush administration have given: weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, Saddam as a threat to the world, have all been effectively ruled out.  Then what could it have been?  Oil?  Money?  Revenge?  It doesn’t really matter now.  Most of the world knows we were wrong, and most of the United States has accepted that, except unfortunately for the current administration, who of course are stubborn and stuck on staying in the country that we have no place being in.  Of course I feel like a hypocrite talking about the war, not ever having been in it, or even close to it.  Let me not then talk just of myself.  Recent polls have shown that 70% of our soldiers think we need to pull out within the year.  80% of Iraqis think we need to leave, and 2/3 of the world’s population agree.   If the people of the country we are trying to ‘help’ don’t want us there, then why in God’s name do we persist?  This can’t benefit us, with the number of American soldiers dying.  Perhaps a few businessmen and big businesses close to the Bush administration are benefiting, but that doesn’t really seem like a justifiable reason to stay.
      But perhaps one shouldn’t just look at the negative aspects of our prolonged stay.  Maybe should look at all the good that has come from our occupation.  For example, look at all those kids growing up who really wanted to kill people and fire guns and all that fun stuff, but were always overwhelmed with a moral responsibility not to do so.  Well now all those masochistic oddballs have their chance! It’s not even illegal, and if they do a good enough job, they might get medals and tons of other benefits!  This is really a win-win situation, save for of course, the Iraqis they are killing.  But they are the enemy of course.  Well, except for all the innocent Iraqis they have been torturing and killing, at Haditha and Abu Ghraib and Ishaqi.  Oh and there’s that fourteen year old Iraqi girl that was raped and killed while her family was forced to watch.  But hey, isn’t it better for all those psychos to get their rage and their evil out on some other country than here in the United States?  And here’s another pro: look at it from the point of view of the terrorists.  What if after 9/11 the United States would have taken positive steps towards countering terrorism?  Then these poor terrorists wouldn’t have stood a chance, with the size of our military and all the nuclear weapons and high grade technology we have.  Now, because we’ve entered a country that really has no effect on the war on terror, Al Qaeda has a chance.  Recently discovered letters from Al Qaeda leaders actually claim that the longer the United States stays in Iraq, the more powerful Al Qaeda will become.  Yay!  I’m glad were doing so much to help terrorists.  However, some may be of the opinion that fostering terrorist organizations may be taking toleration a little too far.  I’ll leave that up to personal opinion, though.

