	To start off writing about gay marriage, let me talk a little about my personal feelings about homosexuality.  I don’t believe that anyone is meant to be homosexual.  To me, this makes no sense at all.  Male and females were given opposing genitalia for a reason, and that reason isn’t just for diversity.  Females and males are counterparts, made differently in order to ensure reproduction and the continuance of the human race.  If the same gender was meant to be together, there would be a natural means for reproduction.  And I’m sure there are some cases in nature when homosexuality, even asexuality and other strange forms of reproduction exist and completely legitimate.  However, I just don’t see this in humans at all.  So what is homosexuality then?  I believe it’s no more than a chemical imbalance in the brain.  Too much of one hormone, not enough of another. . .there have been definitive studies confirming that the actual brains of homosexuals are different, and more closely related to the brain of the opposite sex.  Some may see this as proof that homosexuals are born to be gay, but I see this is just a simple problem that can be fixed.  While most homosexuals would refuse to believe that their homosexuality is a “chemical imbalance” and see their homosexuality as something that makes them special, I think it is no more than a mutation that should eventually be wiped out of the human race due to homosexual’s inability to reproduce.  While this view is probably offensive towards gays, it is to me the most logical explanation for their unnatural actions.
	Keeping this in mind, I have absolutely no problem with gay marriage.  While I don’t think gay marriage is right, it’s none of my business what the homosexuals do.  They can have all the gay sex they want and get married and whatever else might please them as long as this has no effect on me, which it logically shouldn’t.  So whose business is it?  Why, the church of course!  Isn’t that where marriages happen?  And if it is not a marriage in the church, then wherever they choose to get married.  It should be up to the institutions that perform marriages to decide.  If a church or institution determines that they will not allow gay marriage, then so be it.  But gays should be allowed to go to a different institution that believes similarly and get married.  And who above all else should have no say about this?  Why, the president of course.  President Bush’s proposed constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage infuriates me like no other.  The constitution, which is a document that ensures undeniable rights to all humans, has no place for articles denying liberties.   Honestly, why in God’s name would the president try to defile such an important and groundbreaking piece of history with such a silly and ridiculous amendment such as the one he is proposing?  The only reason he himself is against same sex marriage is because of his religion, which should hold no say in government!  Why does he think he can impose his specific religious views on an entire goddamn country?  I can’t talk about this anymore I’m so infuriated.

