	It is a silly question to ask if gender discrimination still exists.  No offense to the creator of the question, but it is really self-evident.  One cannot ask if a certain mindset exists, whether it is one of good or evil, because it always will.  The world will never be rid of any state of mind, any hatred, any prejudice, because somewhere someone will always hold every mindset and belief.  The world is just too damn big to think that something such as discrimination, whether it is religious, sexist, racist, or whatever, will ever not exist.  There will always be bigots.  In this way, there is nothing we can do to end gender discrimination.  We can work to diminish it, but it will unfortunately always exist.  So on that note, does it still exist in the workplace?  Certainly.  If it exists in the mindset of employers, then it exists in the workplace.  Now we must take a second here to draw a distinction, because there are obviously situations where discrimination is necessary.  After all, discrimination at a basic level means no more than the ability to distinguish between two things.  That being said, there are certain jobs where an employer needs to pick a man over a woman, or a woman over a man.  If a job involves heavy lifting, an employer is always going to pick a man over a woman, unless the woman used to be a professional weight lifter.  This is not a bad form of discrimination: being able to make distinctions between what a woman’s capabilities are and what a man’s capabilities are is a necessary part of being an employer.  The only cases we are looking at are when a woman and a man are equally qualified to hold a certain position, and the employer chooses solely on gender, or perhaps when the gender not chosen for the position is better qualified and the other sex wins solely on gender.  Even this is very hard to call, because all choices are opinions and perspectives anyway.  What may seem like a case of gender discrimination to one person may have actually been a judgment call based on personality on the part of the employer.  It is very hard to come out and call something discrimination because the discrimination only exists in the mind of the employer.  The employer will never come out directly and say, “I pick you for the job because you are a man and I don’t want a woman working here.”  So what can be done about this problem?  Nothing, really.  How can one expect to change how people think?  Should we try some sort of affirmative action for females?  Absolutely not.  First of all, it’s not really working for minorities, so why should it work for women?  And second of all, won’t this just give women an unfair advantage?  There is really no way to ensure perfect equality as far as job opportunities go.  All we can do is set standards for what we expect out of our employers, and hope for the best.

