Subject Number 15:

2. GAY MARRIAGE:  While some states have legalized gay marriage, others are still opposed to it.  Do you think either side is right or wrong?  Why?  How do you feel about President Bush’s push for a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage?  Should the federal government be involved in this issue?


	I do not think that the president should be allowed to even propose such an idea as banning gay marriage. I understand that he is a Christian, and that in the eyes of Christianity, gay marriage can not happen, which I agree with, being a Christian. However, I do feel that there are some things that can be addressed that would satisfy both desires of both groups of people. 
	First off, I agree that there should be no such thing as gay marriage. Marriage is by definition between a man and a women (in the Bible) who can then produce offspring and raise a family if they so choose in the eyes of the Lord. For other religions too, it would be to raise their offspring in the eyes of whoever that head of the religious sect is. However, with same sex marriages, there is no possibility for the production of offspring, and thus the population would die out and there is no one to teach the religion to. 
	I feel that if those of the same sex wish to get married, then it should be called something other then a marriage, because it is not ever able to be a full marriage as seen in the eyes of God. However, by calling it something else, other then the term Civil Union, which is also used for heterosexual couples, they can gain the same feeling of respect and trust as marriages seen though the eyes of the church. 
	Insurance companies would be able to recognize them, and so would the government for tax purposes. They would be able to gain all of the governmental benefits as normal families (in the fact that it is a man and a women) are able to obtain. I believe that those people of the same sex should be able to partake in some sort of ceremony to solidify their union, and make it seem more personal. 
	I do not however think that the government should be able to gain any say into the situation after it has been established that they are able to "wed" for lack of a better term. Other then the initial name and word usage approved by the federal government, they should not be able to tell which states allow it and which ones do not. The state governments should not be allowed to do the same either, because then that would be a form of discrimination. 
	I do not think that there should be an amendment added to the Constitution either, because to marry or to have a union between the same sex is a personal matter. Personal choices should not be paraded around on a Constitution, so President Bush should not be able to ban personal choices. Our country is based off of freedom, and not purely rules and regulation. If it were then we would not be a free country. The constitution is about giving guidelines for our country to follow, not telling us what to do or not do at every point and turn of our lives.  
