Subject 15- GENDER DISCRIMINATION:  Do you feel that gender discrimination is still an issue in the present-day United States?  If so, what can we do to change this?  Do you feel that women are ever discriminated against, in the workplace or otherwise?  Do you feel that men are ever discriminated against, in the workplace or otherwise?


	I do feel that there is gender discrimination is still a problem, but not always only with women, though this is probably the bigger area of discrimination. I know that for many jobs, most people feel like they would rather work under a man who holds a high position, because the thought is, is that women can not handle that type of pressure. It they do somehow make it past the glass roof, then they must be extremely uptight and unfriendly, all of which are stereotypes of course. The glass roof however, does exist unfortunately. 
	The glass roof is a saying that is used to describe how most often women, are able to see the position in a job career that they would like and want, but are unable to reach and obtain it due to outside causes. These outside causes are mainly their other coworkers of boards of offices who elect those who are to receive raises and positions. Also, in the area of payment, women who are doing the same jobs as their coworkers who are men, often receive less payment. This is utterly unfair, because the jobs are the same, and perhaps the women has to actually work even harder just to prove her "worth" to the outside would and her company. Again, gender discrimination is not solely reserved for only the women, it can be against the men as well.
	If a man was to go into sales in selling dresses, the assumption is that they must be gay, and if they are not then they do not know what they are talking about. However, there are many men out there who have great opinion on dresses or even how to make clothes for women who are straight, and yet it is usually harder for them to gain the respect that they deserve. Perhaps this is because women feel men who are gay think more like them and thus are telling the truth, or have them in mind when designing the clothes, and straight men do not. This is again a stereotype that must be corrected, because men who are straight have just as much ability to do women's work or design women's clothes as anyone else. 
	Another place where women are discriminated against would be in sports. Many women are extremely good at sports, but men do not hold their teams as in high a regards as they do men's. This is utterly ridiculous, because like at some colleges, the women's team might be first in their division, while the men's team are loosing horribly yet still get more fans. This is quite unfair, and women's teams should start to gain and obtain the respect that they deserve, because they practice just as hard as the men's teams do. 
	Overall, I feel that there is still discrimination, but that it all depends what line of work or field you are in to determine if it is against women or men. People should learn to be more respectful of both genders in any field, and could perhaps even learn new things from the opposite sex if society just allows them to teach us. 
