Subject Number 15

1. WAR IN IRAQ:  The controversial war in Iraq has made news headlines almost every day since it began.  How do you feel about the war?  Do you think the war should continue or has it gone on long enough?

	I feel as if the war in Iraq has gone on long enough, though I do not see any graceful way out of the situation until its entire completion. We can simply not leave the country half done. Our efforts in organization then might be easily overthrown by the terrorists or groups that do not have all of the best interests in mind for the rest of country outside of their immediate group. We do not want to follow in the footsteps of Russia when they overtook Afghanistan and then just left half way through. The country was in great turmoil and was much worse off then before they were invaded originally. If we leave Iraq now, without following though, then all of our effort and blood shed would be in vain. 
	On the other hand, I feel as if there should be a faster way to end this war, or at least occupation of Iraq. I understand that we are allowing them to create their own government with us just monitoring them, yet do we really need to keep sending over more troops to oversea this monitoring? 
	Every day in the news we keep hearing stories of more soldiers shot or wounded, and it is quite clear that we are not wanted there. Again, I understand that we are at this point just aiding the military of the Iraq, and the police of the Iraq against the terrorists, but must we prolong our stay there for so long?
	In the first place, we should not really even be here, because it was not even them that were linked to the terrorists groups that crashed into our twin towers. Osama Bin Laden was a harsh and cruel leader, but he was not really connected to our attack in any way. We used it as an excuse to attack his country, and capture him saying that he aided them and was harboring "weapons of mass destruction," which was untrue. It was really our own government that was feeding us wrong information in order to have an excuse to go after personal endeavors and have an excuse for the rest of the united states people to back them up. 
	I am ready for this war to finally end. I am ready for my friends in the military to come home, or not have to worry that they will eventually be sent over there, with a possibility to never return again. This war is drawing to a close, I know, but in my mind, this close is coming way too slowly. I hope that with our next election we will be able to have a president who is able to construct a clear and workable plan for exiting Iraq. I hope that this plan will be a safe and workable and cause worthy manner to justify our being over there and loosing so many lives. I hope that Iraq will appreciate the mess that we got into for them in the end and be our allies and not turn against us in the end. It would be awful to have a new country fully running after spending so many years there and investing so much of our effort into its soil to just have it turn around with its new government and destroy us.  
