1. LEGALIZATION OF MARIJUANA:  The city of Denver has decided to legalize small amounts of marijuana for persons over 21.  How do you feel about this?  Do you feel that marijuana and its effects are similar enough to alcohol that it should be legal?


	I do not really know how I feel about the legalization of marijuana. On the one hand I have heard that studies have come out proving that alcohol is actually more harmful the pot. Under alcohol, one loosed much their inhibition and many a persons have made extremely bad judgment calls because of this. 
	I know personally of friends who have blacked out, gotten sick, and have even had sex when they didn't mean to, all because of alcohol. I am not saying that this can not happen and does not happen with the use of weed, but I have not heard it to this extent. I also know that people can get addicted to alcohol if they are not careful, and can eventually get cirrhosis of the liver. This is a serious problem because then people have to have a liver replacement, which can take a long time to receive because of the weighting list. If they do not receive one soon enough, they death is the only other answer. Again, I have not heard of this happening with the use of marijuana, but I am not ruling it out, I have just never heard of it. 
	I do know, that from when I have seen other people use it that they tend to act really goofy, or settle down and just sit there. I also know that just from talking with people over time that I am in contact with who do use it frequently, they do not seem to be as sharp as they used to be. I am not really sure if there has been any significant case study of this, but I feel that it tends to kill of brain cells. I would have to do more research though, before I came to any conclusions about the drug. 
	On a different lever outside of actually using it, I do feel that it should be legalized, because that way the government can monitor it. There are so many drug wars and gangs on the streets because of this drug, and there would be a lot less death in the inner cities because it would no longer be an underground market. Also, but regulating it, people would be sure to be getting the actual real pure substance, verses just filler or even poison mixed in with it. 
	Another reason why it should be legalized is because it would help to get rid of the drug war outside of the United States, namely Mexico. Mexico has some of the biggest and cruelest drug lords in all of the pot selling business. Marijuana is actually a big cash selling crop, and the drug lords monitor who grows it and how much of the crop is sold, so much so that if something is messed up along the way, of if they find someone growing it/and or selling it who should not be, then bloodshed it often the only answer. With the legalization of marijuana, these drug lords would loose a huge part of their business, because we would be able to grow the crop on our own soil, and it would no longer be illegal, so many of the workers in Mexico for the drug lords would loose their jobs. There would be no need for smugglers anymore. 
	So again, for these reason I am not sure if pot should be legalized or not. 
