Subject 15-CATHOLIC CHURCH:  Do you feel the Catholic Church needs to change its ways to adapt to life in the 21st Century?  Regarding all of the accusations against Catholic priests dealing with pedophilia, do you think these could have been prevented if the church changed? (ex. Allowing female priests, allowing priests to marry, etc.)


	I do feel that the Catholic Church needs to change. Being a catholic myself, I know that there are many problems that our religion faces (just like every religion faces...we just seem to get the press coverage for it). I know that there is a strikingly alarming decline in the number of people going into the priesthood. This is bad, because, while decants can give the mass and sermons, they are not really allowed to do Holy Communion. The reason why there in an increase in decants though and a decline in priest, is because priests can not get married and decants can. 
	I know that in the past, as in years ago, back  in the Roman time, Popes and priest were corrupt and tended to neglect the church and only thought about their families and the money that they were making. It is for this reason, why a rule was made that priests and Popes, Bishops', etc, could not get married. However, I feel that times have drastically changed, that the church is not corrupt anymore, and that we will certainly be able to stop ourselves from going down that path again if it should arise. In Jesus' time, priest were allowed to be married, so I feel that we should have another try at it, and just be weary of our past to learn from it. 
	My allowing priests to marry, I believe that the number of cases of pedophilia will go down. The reason is because they will be able to have intercourse with their wives, and will not be tempted to find other ways to satisfy their natural bodily urges. The church does need to recognize that this is a huge problem though, rather then try and cover it up. By covering sex offenders up, it is only tainting our religion, and instead ruining it. Those who are offenders should be dealt with, and should no longer be allowed to practice in the priesthood. I hope, (though I can not be certain) that by allowing priest to marry, the number of offenders will go down. 
	I also feel that women should be allowed into the priesthood. This would also help solve the problem of lack of priest, and would show that the church does view women as equals, when they say they do, and that we should all treat each other as equals. Women are allowed to become nuns, but nuns can only do so much, and are not allowed to give the mass. I see this as unfair, and should be open to women. 
	Another area that I feel that should be updated in the Catholic Church, is the idea that the Pope has the final say in everything. While I do like the fact that we have a unifying person to help decide across the world what our religion is about and to help follow certain guidelines and rules, I do not think he should have absolute power. I feel that it should be a democracy type setting if people tend to disagree with what he says, not of a lot of people, but of at least 30 or so people, so that there is enough variety of opinions to actually decide what is best for the church verses just one man's opinion. 
