Subject Number 15:

3. PRIVACY RIGHTS:  Recently, school officials prevented a school shooting because one of the shooters posted a myspace bulletin.  Do you think this was an invasion of privacy?  Where should school officials draw the line as to whether or not they are invading privacy?


	I do not feel that school officials looking at a myspace bulletin or page is an invasion of privacy. I feel that anything posed on the internet without restrictions is fair game for anyone to see, including that of authoritative figureheads or even governmental officials.
	People post on pages that are visible to the public solely for the purpose of other people reading it. Sometimes I feel that it is a cry out for help, for those that are not strong enough to actually go out and do it in person. If a student was planning on showing up to school and shooting a bunch of people, but first posted this intension, I feel that he was one of these people asking for help. 
	Sometimes it is so hard to seek help that one will do anything to obtain it. Shooting would certainly cure the problem of not gaining any help, but someone who could talk to him before he actually shot and killed innocent lives would be even more beneficial, not only to the saved victims, but also to the shooter, because now he does not have to live the rest of his life in sorrow and morning. It is one less thing for him to have to talk about with remorse behind it. 
	As to where the line for school officials should be drawn, I feel that it is fair to say that if a student thinks that they have set into play a security action plan (or privacy settings) that they should be able to trust that. Those settings were put into place on the page or program for a reason, and that is to prevent others form seeing or reading what it is that they have written. They are not asking for help in this form or fashion, and so thus should be respected into what type of privacy they desire. 
	What it really again boils down to, is that if you are asking for help, it will find its way out, but if you are just writing to write something down and relieve one's emotions, then ones should not need to further their emotions to the public or have to explain them. Privacy should be honored by all parties if a privacy setting is put into place.
	I am glad that the school officials were able to catch this potential school shooter before it actually happened though. I wish that they or someone was able to do the same thing at Virginia Tech last year. However, it is best to take the horrible situation that happened at Virginia Tech seriously and at the same time also learn form their mistakes. I know that had his initial privacy been invaded then he would be extremely upset and angry, however it is better a temper then an outright shooting. 
	Overall, I feel that if you show signs, or needed to be watched for a little while for others and your own safety, it is ok to be invasive of private property. However, if you do not exhibit any traits then their should be no reason for school officials to just randomly investigate its students. 
