	I feel that, over the past 150 years in America, we have progressed leaps and bounds in the direction of gender equality.  At one time or another, America has disenfranchised women, forced them into strict gender roles, and adopted educational structures which disadvantage females.  Presently, none of these things overtly happen any more.
	Women fought for the right to vote in America, and it worked (slowly but surely!).  In our schools, we still teach children about the “struggle for women’s suffrage in America”.  This struggle is a textbook example of the American political dream in action – a certain group expresses its collective voice contrary to societal convention, is not subjected to repression, and through rational/political actions, achieves its ends (freedom to democratically participate).  Women today may participate just as freely in the American political process as men, and are not countered by institutionalized sexism.
	The extension of voting rights to women was a milestone, but by no means did it instantly give the sexes equal status.  Gender roles still encouraged women to stay at home.  Some women worked in factories (most notoriously, in textiles), but the wages/accommodations were meager.  During the Second World War, the need for male foot soldiers coupled with the need for manufactured industrial goods once again sent scores of women into factories.  After the war, however, the “nuclear family” image reinforced “traditional” gender roles, creating a generation of dissatisfied housewives.
	The most loud spoken (and remembered) voice of the “oppressed” housewife generation was Betty Friedan.  Her book The Feminine Mystique empowered women in a fiery way never before seen, and its rhetoric ushered us into the modern era of American gender relations.
	Recently, there was talk in congress of a constitutional amendment that would equate men and women (the “Equal Rights Amendment”).  While this amendment didn’t pass, scores of case law regarding gender discrimination have made it clear that overt gender discrimination is illegal in America.
	While overt discrimination is considered “taboo”, I believe that covert, ingrained discrimination is evident when we view statistics such as the “gender wage gap”.  I don’t know the statistics off the top of my head, but I know that the mean salaries of American men and women are not equal.  There are innumerable women in America who are successful, and some corporate CEOs are female.  However, there is still a wage gap, and I believe the number of male CEOs in America is larger than the number of female CEOs in America.
	All in all, I don’t believe that women are actively “discriminated” against in the work place.  Statistically, however, a large number of CEOs are still men.  These CEOs have much power/influence over the working environments within their companies.  Sexual harassment (not quite equal to discrimination) is certainly a workplace problem, and for every case which is brought to justice, I’d hypothesize that there are many more which aren’t properly dealt with.
	So basically, in retrospect, I think I sort of circumvented the point of this prompt (contemporary, current gender discrimination) by rambling off most of what I know about the political history of American feminism.  Sorry about that.
