	Questions about privacy usually boil down to the reconciliation of individual rights with collective security.  Whether we are talking about high school safety or national security, the same fundamental questions persist – how might we preserve privacy, yet also preserve the safety of our environment?  What level of intrusion is appropriate for, on one hand, the apprehension of potentially dangerous criminals, yet on the other hand, the preservation of personal privacy?
	From town police (who identify potential school shooters on MySpace) right on up to federal law enforcement agencies (who, under recent congressional provisions, record our phone calls without court warrant), the American political system is grappling with this question presently.
	The problem I can most plainly identify is one of subversive government conduct.  I am struggling to accept that my country, which I love, has executive agencies who, to the end of national security, justify means like waterboarding.  I was made to memorize certain rhetoric about the foundation of my “American” culture in elementary school; namely about how my country’s respect for individual freedom is unparalleled throughout history.  I thoroughly believed this for a long time.  I am/was proud to say that my grandfather fought, and almost gave his life, for these ideals in World War II.  I see a fundamental contradiction between freedom, which he fought for, and torture.  Seeing this contradiction does not make me “unpatriotic”.  I just want to know, is there a great American “underbelly” which we, the general public, are not privy to?
	Are we really so paranoid that subversive measures are necessary? I quickly got over the issue of wiretapping – as it didn’t really affect me.  However, I’m beginning to think that wiretapping is just the issue of the iceberg.
	Let’s say, hypothetically, that an extension of our executive intelligence branch, like the NSA, offered unsuspecting college student-citizens a gratuitous amount of money to submit treatises on their political views.  This organization might solicit responses about hot-button political issues which directly affect it, such as the Iraq war effort and wiretapping.
      Let’s say participating citizens then weren’t at all informed about the source of their enumeration.  Hypothetically, it might be called a “study about the way people communicate”.  If it were truly a study about how people communicate, wouldn’t the organization would be forthcoming and inform all participants of exactly *what* they were getting themselves into?  Citizens with nothing to hide need not worry about wiretapping, right?  Reflexively, shouldn’t agencies with nothing to hide be more forthcoming as well?
      I had to ask lots and lots of questions to figure out exactly who was funding this study, and when I finally figured it out, it made a lot of sense.
      I’m not sure exactly why this study is happening, or why my peers and I are being asked to submit these essays on privacy, Iraq, marijuana, gender rights, or other hot button issues.  We are being paid gratuitous amounts of money to do so, which is nice.  I suppose I’ll just think of it as an extension of my income tax refund.  
      I don’t want to jump to ridiculous “conspiracy theory” conclusions about this study, but it is quite easy to do so.  I had to ask many pointed questions to figure out who is funding this study and where these essays are going.  Once I found out, I sort of sat in denial for a while.  It seems odd that, in the land of the free and the home of the brave, essays like this one will be categorized by NSA data analysts.  Are you looking for subversive citizens?  Or are you just trying to find potential candidates for employment?  I can’t possibly see how this could actually be a study about “how people communicate”, of all the motives which could drive this study, that seems among the least likely/least feasible.
      If anyone wants to get in touch with me and explain all these details, that would be great.  But I know it will probably never happen.  Supposedly, this essay will not even be tied to my identity (sure, like that’s believable).  I do not mean to sound so vindictive, but as I sat down to write this essay, I started drowning in irony:  I was asked to write an essay on privacy, and the very circumstances under which I was asked could be construed to be an invasion of the same.
      So don’t peg me for a terrorist or label me a threat to society, because honestly, that would just be silly modern McCarthyism.  I’m a concerned, informed, patriotic, home-loving American.  If it ever really came down to it, I’d absolutely fight for my country.  But I am not stupid, and I take notice of ALL my surroundings with great care and detail.  When things don’t add up, red flags start flying.
