	The war in Iraq cannot be boiled down to 500 words.
	First of all, Americans as a whole are entirely out of touch with what’s going on in all of the Middle East, not just in Iraq, but in Israel, Palestine, Iran, Afghanastan, and the rest of the region.  There are a multitude of reasons for this, and at the end of the day, the problem remains: we are so isolated from the actual conflict that we have become desensitized to its human dimensions.
	The political angle on this war is what soaks up all the news time, because that’s what is marketable, and what keeps people tuned in.  It’s an easy cop-out for news producers to run a story saying “yeah, more people died in Iraq today, this means President Bush sucks!”.  To use the war in Iraq as political leverage on Capital Hill is absolutely selfish.  Are we really so egocentric that the only context in which we will discuss Iraq is in its domestic political ramifications?  I’m sorry, but our domestic woes pale in comparison to those faced EVERY DAY by Iraqi citizens.
	When I was a small child, I was afraid of thunderstorms.  Loud banging noises, wind, rain, and flashes of light.  It was scary!  My mom used to say “It’s okay, its just angels bowling.”
	Okay, if I had been born in Iraq (which could have just as easily happened, babies have no control over where they were born), I would have been scared of things like cluster bombs, machine guns, suicide bombers, and corrupt police.  That’s scary shit for a four year old growing up in the world.  After getting their houses blown to shit in a war, what types of convictions will that child be stuck with for life?  Even if it wasn’t Americans who inflicted violence their neighborhoods, the American invasion essentially threw a match into the political “oil barrel” (ironic, no pun intended) that existed in Iraq.  Now, in the subsequent power vacuum, thousands still don’t have commodities like electricity or running water.
      I was afraid of thunderstorms when I was little, and I can only imagine how I would have reacted to operation “Shock and Awe” (fucking terrible name for a military campaign, come on, the rest of the world looks at operation ‘Shock and Awe’ and passes us off as a bunch of cowboys who don’t care about anyone but ourselves).
      As a further measure of just how retardedly and cripplingly out-of-touch Americans are, look at the video game “Call of Duty 4”.  The game play and graphics are great, I’ll admit that.  The game developer likely spent millions of development of the game play engine and graphics.
      This game is basically “Iraq the video game”.  I believe the Army and Marine Corps literally released Iraq the video game recently also.  ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?
      I’m scared the NSA will read this and be like “oh that college kid, we should keep an eye on him, he disagrees with contemporary political directions!”, but I know that probably won’t happen, so I’ll just keep typing.
      Iraq the video game?  Is this the type of society we have become?  The closest that the average American will ever care to get to the SUFFERING in the middle east is a video game, where the first level consists of riding through the Iraqi country side in an Apache helicopter and blasting the shit out of the country side with a cannon.
      Consider this: hypothetically, let’s just say a video game developer in Iraq made “America the Video Game”.  Let’s say this game was IDENTICAL to “Call of Duty 4” in every way, in terms of weapons, game play, shooting, and the like.  Only the first level would be a firebombing of Manhattan, instead of Iraq, and the defenseless soldiers who you are blowing up would be American, rather than generic-middle-eastern-looking wearing random turbans.
      HOW WOULD AMERICANS REACT?  We’d declare war on Iraq and probably nuke it, because we are just that myopic and near-sighted.  We would take it as an assault on our national pride, which it would be.
      Well then, by insulting the entire middle east with “call of duty 4”, we have just continued to dig ourselves into the shithole we have been sinking into for several years.  This country is so screwed, we need to SERIOUSLY start making friends around the world, or we are going to be in waayyyy over our heads.  If that happens, I’m moving to Canada.
