	The Catholic Church has been around for a very, very long time, and has certainly seen its ups and downs.  At the beginning of this semester, one of my professors mentioned that we’d be learning about “Popes gone wild, or if you’ll have it, Renaissance papacy!”.  During the renaissance and immediately pre-Luther days, the church certainly saw its dark days.  I suppose that what it all comes down to is the integrity of the people in charge.  I mean, the church has done some great things in terms of humanitarian aid and human decency, and many of its fundamental messages are good.  Christianity (and Catholocism, as one of its sub-sects) has some fundamentally good messages at its heart.
	The messages that we are supposed to take from the Bible center around human decency and improvement.  We are supposed to treat each other well, and care for each of our fellow human beings as if they are brothers and sisters.  However, these messages don’t always make it through.  Religion is the manner in which human beings go about answering questions that are essentially unanswerable (Who created us?  Why?  What is the meaning of our existence?  What happens after we die?).  People tend to become overly passionate when answering these questions, and even defensive about their “righteousness”.
	Many people pervert the essential Christian messages for their own ends.  For instance, the “religious right” which has begun to pervade the American political system.  They distract our politicians and citizens from important issues, such as globalization’s effects on human rights, the environmental consequences of our actions, and our coming energy crisis.  When these things hit us harder, people will probably be like “Hey wait, we should have done something about this when those asshole media-frenzied church people were complaining about gay marriage and abortion”.  Gay marriage and abortion are semi-important questions, but they don’t need to be fought as crusades.
	In fact, I think Catholocism and Christianity are inherently un-political, and should be kept as such.  They are supposed to be implemented on a personal level – we are supposed to love our neighbors, treat people well, not steal, kill, or cheat, and in general, be kind.  We are supposed to focus on ourselves and our conduct, and are made to believe that if we do a good job then we will be eternally rewarded (the carrot, dangling from the stick, which draws people in).
	With more relevance to the prompt, the pedophile priest phenomena was unfortunate for its victims, surely.  However, I’m glad that it finally knocked the Catholic church off its high-horse of infallible legitimacy.  The pedophilia allegations constitute chapter 2344687 in the book of “Horribly Evil Things Done By Clergy Since The Beginning of Recorded Time”, figuratively.
	So basically, I don’t really want anything to do with the Catholic church, because when you devote yourself to a certain predetermined series of beliefs, you are limiting yourself from full comprehension of those other than your own.  Before anyone becomes a Catholic, they should first study Islam, Judaism, and other religions.  If they don’t, they are probably just sticking within their comfort zone and flocking to what they are comfortable with (namely, the religion which is most commonly expressed around them).  I hate it when people say “hey my religion is great, you are going to hell”.
