	Marijuana costs our legal system a great amount of money every year, yet has a tremendous potential to adversely affect those who use it.  It is indubitable that users of the drug can experience adverse effects in a number of ways.  It is harmful to the respiratory system, depositing tar and toxins in the lungs similarly to cigarettes.  In the first half of this century, there was a big push by a small group of people to create a state of “marijuana prohibition”, the push was successful, and we still have it in the majority of America today.
	Maybe in the end, marijuana prohibition is a good thing, because it prevents a “national overload” of usage.  For instance, it wouldn’t be good for everyone to be driving cars high all the time, we’d probably see a lot more accidents and traffic problems.  However, laws obviously don’t stop teenagers and adults alike from attaining and smoking marijuana.
	So I guess the question we must be asking is “do the costs of prohibition outweigh its benefits?”.  The biggest benefit of marijuana prohibition is that it satisfies the majority of Americans who have a moral objection to smoking marijuana.  It keeps these people happy, as many of them say “if we repealed marijuana prohibition, our entire country would go down the moral toilet!” (as if it hasn’t already).
	However, keeping marijuana illegal is very costly.  Every time police arrest someone for smoking or possessing marijuana, there is a lot of state resources that must be expended to transport, detain, book, charge, and sentence that person.  Court fees, police fees, probate fees, and the like end up draining state coiffeurs of money that could better be spent somewhere else.
	But honestly, I’m not sure that the money freed up by making marijuana decriminalized would really achieve any benefit which outweighs that of marijuana prohibition.  If we legalize marijuana fully, we will probably see an explosion in usage which will be nothing but detrimental for us as a country.  I know people who smoke marijuana and they are entirely debilitated when they do it.  I certainly wouldn’t want to live in a world where everyone is high all the time.
	The city of Denver didn’t exactly legalize small amounts of marijuana for persons over 21, it “decriminalized” them.  This might be a good middle ground – we can still keep marijuana illegal, only it will be more of a citation than a full criminal charge.  My understanding is that, with decriminalization, possession of marijuana will be more like a speeding ticket than a criminal charge.  This would probably be a good middle ground, as we could keep marijuana under control, but not have to pay the costly fees that go along with marijuana being entirely illegal.
	Also, if I were dying of cancer, I’d probably try marijuana, because chemotherapy probably sucks.
	Honestly, I don’t know the answer to this question; marijuana has never really been something that affected me directly, so I’m not sure what the best course of action is.  I trust our legislature to find the appropriate remedy to the marijuana problem.
