	What exactly is marriage?  Is it harmonious monogamy proscribed by God?  Is it a collection of tax and financial benefits?  Who can define it?  Is it up to the federal government, or is it up to state legislatures?  Is it up to municipal clerks and judges?  Does the full faith and credit clause of the constitution apply when “activist judges” alter marriage’s basic definition?  Does it always have to be amongst a man and a woman?
	These questions, and more, are among the hangnails which plague today’s gay marriage debate, and slowly distract our political system from addressing objectives which are much more important.  Many “religious righters” see homosexual marriage as a harbinger of the apocalypse, and carry on a “moral crusade” (more like a “moral charade”) against it.  To them, the definition of marriage (as between a man and a woman) shant be changed, for if it changes, society will fall apart at the seams!
	Many of them extend the effects of gay marriage, rhetorically, to entirely new realms of being.  “Well, if men can marry men, and women can marry women, then how long is it before people start marrying horses?  Sheep?  Inanimate objects?  Washing machines?”.
	There isn’t really much merit to these questions.  The one respectable assertion which “homo haters” have left is that of their personal values.  To many, the idea of homosexual marriage is deeply offensive, and shocks the moral conscience.  To many, it contradicts their dear religious values to the very core.  This is perfectly acceptable, and for this reason, I do not think that “gay marriage” is a good idea.  We can’t allow homosexual couples to join in a relationship called “marriage”, for if we do, these people will go beserk.
	Indeed, homosexual “marriage” is unacceptable.  However, nobody is asking the government to force church doors open.  Nobody is asking for legislation which would require specific faiths to recognize gay marriages.  This would be a catastrophic collision of church and state.
	Rather, we should extend the state-offered benefits of “marriage” to homosexual couples.  They don’t have to actually stand on a catholic alter before a catholic priest, but, they should be able to do some sort of paperwork which secures them the legal advantages afforded to married couples.  Lets call it something else besides marriage – civil union, enjoining, magic pony ceremony, whatever, it really doesn’t matter what we call it, as long as it isn’t marriage.
	By removing marriage from the religious realm and highlighting solely its legal advantages, we remove the religious argument from the sphere of relevancy.  After all, things like hospital visiting rights, spousal tax benefits, and mortgage co-signing were NOT proscribed by god, do not appear in the bible, and thus, don’t need to be safeguarded by the religious right.
	We should allow homosexual couples to enjoy these benefits without affording the religious right the luxury of having something to whine about.  I can’t see any reason why this isn’t a good objective.  I think I’m pretty close to 500 words now.
