      There is much controversy surrounding the issue of the legalization of marijuana.  The drug is known to have medicinal benefits, and it is legal in many other countries.  At the same time, it also leads users towards more harmful drugs.  Clearly, marijuana is illegal for a reason, and any decision to legalize it would be unwise and would endanger the health and safety of many people.  The current state, in which marijuana is illegal, is ideal and should be upheld firmly.
	Marijuana is commonly known as the gateway drug.  Many users begin drug use with marijuana, and go on to use more harmful drugs, such as heroin or ecstasy.  Marijuana is a mind and personality altering drug, with short term as well as long term effects, few of which can be deemed positive.  It is not only easy to transition from marijuana to more serious drugs, but it is easy to become addicted.  Drug addiction is nothing to be taken lightly, and legalizing marijuana, even in small quantities, would only add to this problem.  It is ambiguous to legalize “small amount of marijuana” and also probably very difficult to enforce.  It is much simpler and safer to keep marijuana illegal and not forget its mind-altering qualities and unpleasant behaviors associated with its use. 
	Despite the clearly negative effects of marijuana use, many people wish to legalize it either for its medicinal benefits or because its effects seem similar to those of alcohol.  To those who claim that the health benefits outweigh the detriments, their argument might be worthy were it not for the addictive nature of marijuana.  A small dose of marijuana might be helpful in treating certain medical conditions, but such a treatment would also place the patient within the grasp of a lifelong substance addiction.  Depending on the necessity and frequency of marijuana treatments, patients could theoretically wind up cured of an ailment, but ripe for the development of an even more serious drug problem.  It is far better to use other treatments and keep the number of people with drug problems down to the bare minimum.
	The effects of marijuana may seem no more severe than those of alcohol that it should be an illegal substance while alcohol is legal.  The effects of marijuana, however, are significantly more serious than those of alcohol.  The main reason for this is again, that marijuana is the gateway drug.  Alcohol use can lead to alcoholism, an addiction to one particular substance, but marijuana use can often lead to a myriad of drug addiction problems.  Society is familiar with the abusive relationships that can result from alcoholism, and it would not be wise to increase the amount of poor behavior by creating more people who are dependent upon a substance.  It is important that the serious effects of marijuana use not be downplayed in an attempt to justify its legalization.
	Overall, marijuana use had many problems associated with it that would only escalate if the drug became more prominent through its legalization.  The best policy regarding marijuana is to maintain the current no tolerance policy for this harmful drug, rather than try to find reasons justifying its legalization.
