	The Catholic Church has very old roots, and while it is important for it to remember its ancient beginnings, it also important for the Church to be an institution that is compatible with the lives of modern people.  This is good both for the people and the Church, for the people can find comfort and spirituality in a place that accepts their modern lifestyle, and the Church can attract followers by appealing to a variety of people.  Unfortunately, the modern Catholic Church does not live up to these ideals.  The Church is very often too traditional in its views, which means both that the religion appeals to less people, and that the Church is not reaching out to as many people as it could if the Church were more liberal.  
	With the wide variety of lives people live in today’s world, a religion should be able to embrace them all and teach them spirituality and theology.  The Catholic Church, however, rejects many people from hearing the message it is trying to spread.  Homosexuals are not accepted in the Catholic faith, and neither are those who were not baptized Catholic.  The Catholic Church is so extreme in its views that it will refuse to marry a Catholic to a non-Catholic.  In a world where diversity is prominent and  inter-faith marriages are common, the traditionalist view that Catholics should only marry Catholics is outdated and intolerant.  For a Church whose message involves loving others, it is hypocritical to shut the Church doors at homosexuals and non-Catholics, among others.
	Within the structure of the Church itself, the Catholic Church has many strict rules, which have been in existence for many years, but which do not fit into the context of modern society.  For example, women cannot become priests, and the men who do become priests are sworn to celibate, unmarried lives.  A life of religious teaching would be much more attractive to males if the requirements for being a priest were less stringent, because in a society where celibacy goes against the norm, the vow of celibacy means becoming substantially different from the rest of society.  If this rule were not so strict, more people would probably pursue the religious life, and the Church would grow and strengthen.  Priests would feel like they were sacrificing less, and be more content with their professions, and also probably be more likely to satisfy sexual desires through acts of pedophilia.  If women were allowed to become priests, again the Church would grow, and would be more consistent with the goal of gender equality that the modern society is trying to reach.
	The Catholic Church has a lot to benefit by becoming more compatible with modern people.  It needs to loosen its strict rules if it wants to continue to be an attractive religion to people whose views are constantly being expanded and are learning the meaning of tolerance.  Over time, if the Catholic Church does not change, its extremely conservative views will lead a liberal society to think it intolerant and outdated.


