      The right to marry whoever one pleases is no more outrageous than freedom of speech, or the right to a fair trial, which are granted freely in the Bill of Rights.  Since the right to marry whoever one pleases is not explicitly stated as an American’s right, many people try to deny its existence.  In many cases, there is no controversy surrounding who a person chooses to marry.  When a woman chooses a man to spend her life with, she will meet no opposition from the government or political activists.  The same is true for a man who chooses a woman to marry.  When a woman chooses woman, however, or a man a man, the controversy surrounding the issue of marriage becomes much more pronounced.  All of a sudden, the union of two people which we call marriage is not as easily accepted by society.  Only in cases of homosexual marriages does the government wish to have a say in who can marry who.  This is not a proper place for the government to be in control, because it only becomes involved when it deems a marriage problematic, that is, when it is between two people of the same sex.
	Not only should the government step down from the issue of gay marriage, but the American people need to learn to be more tolerant of others.  Two of the main problems that people have with gay marriage are that they think it is contrary to the Bible, or it seems something they themselves would never want to participate in.  For those who oppose gay marriage because the Bible describes marriage in a traditional male-female sense, they need to remember that the Bible is to be interpreted, not read as law.  It is impossible to follow every facet of Biblical teaching, and as long as a gay marriage follows the rules of respect and exchange detailed in the Bible, then it is not contrary to Biblical teachings, just a different scriptural interpretation.  For those who oppose gay marriage because they themselves have no interest in ever being married to a person of the same sex, they need to learn that what is right for one person may be wrong for another.  Everybody is different and it is important to embrace these differences instead of forcing conformity to a set of rules that does not work for everyone.  Flexibility is the best way to please all.
	Choosing who to spend the rest of one’s life with is a big commitment, and anyone who decides to join themselves in the union of marriage to another human being should be allowed to do so legally by marriage.  People should be more tolerant and accepting of others, and realize that gay marriage is not hurting anyone, but only making people happy by giving them the opportunity to spend their lives with the people they love, united as one through the ritual of marriage.  There is really no reason to be opposed to people’s happiness, and therefore, no reason to be opposed to gay marriage, as for many people, happiness can be found through the possibility of gay marriage.
