      Privacy is a right that many people in America feel belongs to them.  Unfortunately, the Bill of Rights has no provision for a right to privacy.  Privacy is something that many American citizens assume belongs to them, but in fact, privacy is not protected under the law, and is not considered a fundamental right in the Bill of Rights.  While it may be unethical to invade privacy in some situations, there are certain cases in which invasion of privacy is necessary to maintain the safety and security of American citizens.  In matters of national security, it is perfectly acceptable to invade privacy to explore a potential threat to the people of the American nation.
	There is much debate over what is an acceptable invasion of privacy and what is not.  Any invasion of privacy for the purpose of exploring a possibly subversive act is acceptable because it is done with good intent, for the well-being of people.  Invasions of privacy that do not involve a serious matter should not go on. It is unethical to invade a person’s privacy without good reason, and the only good reason is if that person is suspected to be hiding something that could possibly harm others.  Privacy is a courtesy that others should be afforded when possible, but it is perfectly fine to invade it when necessary for the protection of others.
	Without necessary invasions of property, it is possible for things to go awry and for major consequences to result.  Serious damage can be caused by threats that go unchecked and blossom into events that endanger human lives and prosperity.  Every day, countless subversive acts are prevented, thanks to the people who work in the field of national security.  Much of this national security work involves recording phone conversations, tracking emails, and investigating suspicious activity, any of which could be construed as an invasion of privacy.  Without these invasions of privacy, however, our nation would be subject to extremist plots and harmful attacks.  It is far better to invade some people’s privacy than to risk the safety and well-being of an entire nation.  Those who wish to maintain privacy rights unconditionally need to realize that their request comes at a cost of human lives.
