      The war in Iraq is arguably the central focus of the United States’ foreign policy.  The government is expending many resources, including large sums of money and thousands of troops, for the sake of winning the Iraqi war.  The fact that the US is involved in this war influences the life of every single US citizen, and naturally, has been a cause of contention.  A person’s views on the war in Iraq can quickly associate him or her with a political party, because the war is so critical to American politics.  The war in Iraq is a major focus of American attention, and opinions on the United States’ role in it vary widely.  
	I feel that the United States is not making enough headway in its mission to continue the war in Iraq.  The majority of this problem stems from the fact that the United States’ mission in Iraq is unclearly defined.  It is easy to suggest possible goals, but the government has not done a good job of explicitly identifying the nation’s purpose in Iraq.  Daily, citizens like me wonder why the US government is so adamant about maintaining occupation of Iraq.  What is the government hoping to gain and accomplish?  If the American people had a clear, justified answer to this question, it would be much easier to support the war effort.  As it is, however, I cannot help but be opposed to something whose motive is so disguised.
	Without a clear sense of the war’s purpose, the war just seems destructively harmful and excessive.  The United States puts so many resources into the war, and seems really invested in their cause, whatever it may be exactly.  Without knowing this cause, it seems wasteful to expend resources in such a manner, and even worse, to think of the lives that are being adversely affected because of the Iraqi war.  American soldiers are constantly being sent out to serve in Iraq, and many of them do not make it home alive.  Others return injured, or at the very best, physically healthy but having had endured the awful tragedy of war and destruction.  War undoubtedly takes a toll on the American people, not to mention on the Iraqi people.  Destruction and death are common problems in a nation at war, especially when the war is fought on the nation’s home territory, as is the case for the Iraqi people.  The presence of United States’ forces in Iraq only worsens the quality of life for the Iraqi people, to the point where they are living in constant fear of death and endangerment.
	The detriments of the war in Iraq, for the US itself and for the Iraqi people are hard to justify without a clearly defined role and purpose of the United States in the war.  For this reason, the best course of action is to end the action in Iraq, for the war has gone on long enough, and it is time to replace destruction and death with peace and well-being.
