      The Catholic Church has received a lot of negative energy from many different people, mostly because these people think that the Church is too forward with its views and opinions and because they think the Church tries too hard to convert everyone into believing that the Church’s views and opinions are the only right ones.  What I believe as a Catholic is that the church is widely and grossly misunderstood not only by the American public, but most of the people around the world as well.  First of all, people have a right to believe in whatever religion or different type of credo that they want, regardless whether the government controlling wherever they live thinks they deserve this right or not.  Knowing this, every person should consider their options and take their time and energy deciding what they would like to identify themselves as, as to not falsely join a belief system that they don’t believe in.  After taking the time to decide, the person should be committed to their beliefs, and stand up for what they believe is right.  This is all I think the Catholic Church has done in the 21st century.  Therefore, I do not believe the Catholic Church is too archaic for a massive adaptation for the 21st Century to take place.  However, if at any point the situation changes and the Church does become too archaic, I would support appropriate change within the Church as long as they kept the same basic doctrines and beliefs.
      As far as the publicized scandals concerning Catholic priests committing various acts of pedophilia, I am disgusted.  One must take into account that priests are still human, and that they are not perfect.  Still, these people have failed miserably at the tasks assigned to them, and the Church as well as the government should punish them to the maximum extent allowed for such a disgusting and unspeakable crime.  Every other person with any other ordinary job would be given the same punishment for these crimes, and priests do not deserve any special treatment just because they are affiliated with a religion.  If Catholic priests were allowed to marry, there might have been a chance that they would not have resorted to the aforementioned acts of pedophilia.  However, centuries upon centuries of priests have found it manageable to do their duty without molesting children, so there is no excuse for the current state of affairs.
      The pedophilia scandal just represents another failure of the Catholic Church in large, and history has proven that the Catholic Church is not perfect by any means.  The most obvious and horrendous example would be the crusades, which caused an almost uncontested level of death and suffering.  Since the Church holds its ideals with such steadfastness, people hold them to high standards (as they should) and call them hypocrites at the first sign of wrongdoing.  However, I have a Catholic message to point of the flaw of the arguments of these people – let he without sin cast the first stone.
