	It is ridiculous that gay marriage is such a controversial topic in the world we live in today.  With soldiers dying thousands of miles from home in Iraq as part of a war that the nation is divided on, and other domestic topics such as whether abortion is murder or not, whether two people of the same sex decide to get married should not be that major of a concern.  However, since it is such a popular topic, that means in some way that people should decide what their opinion is on whether or not gay marriage should be legalized.  
	In my opinion, if two people of the same sex think getting married is the right thing to do to make them happy, then let them do it.  It doesn’t matter what anyone else’s opinion is, this is America – home of the free.  This country was built in order for people to escape the oppression of other governments.  As the poem “The New Colossus” engraved on the Statue of Liberty declares, America calls to the world, “Give me your tired, your poor, / your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, / the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. / Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, / I lift my lamp beside the golden door!”  When our country embraces such an ethic, it seems unfair to deny two people a simple right that is based on love.  If we do deny them this right, then America has lost its identity as a haven for the oppressed.
      President George Bush’s call for a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage is simply ridiculous.  First of all, we should have learned our lesson when we tampered with the constitution during prohibition.  Since we had to go right back and amend the constitution just for the sake of declaring the prohibition amendment invalid, the simple moral of thinking through what is or is not important enough to amend the constitution should have been made clear. Also, the Declaration of Independence famously states the American citizen’s right to “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.”  Now, I do not pretend to be a scholar of political science, but if there is an amendment to ban gay marriage, there would be some officially documented contradictions in Washington, specifically regarding the “pursuit of happiness” clause.
      Lastly, the federal government should not only not be involved in the issue of gay marriage, but they should not even care about whether two gay people decide to be married.  That is a private decision between two people that should be respected by the government.  The government should only be involved so much as to determine whether or not gay married couples get the same benefits as heterosexual married couples.  However, if gay married couples were denied the same benefits from the government as heterosexual married couples, then that would count as discrimination.  Discrimination of any kind by the federal government is inappropriate, so by logic gay couples should receive the same rights. 
