	The internet has gotten out of control. With all of the “social networking utilities” such as Facebook, MySpace, BuddyPic, and the countless others, everyone’s identity is up for sale.  Actually, since all of the aforementioned websites are free to join, people don’t even have to steal your identity anymore – they can take it for free.  The public needs to be reminded constantly that anything you say on the internet as well as every single description of yourself you post on websites are a permanent, signed statement that can never be erased and will never be forgotten barring a nuclear explosion that wipes out every single server on the planet.  
	When I heard that school officials prevented a school shooting because one of the shooters posted a MySpace bulletin about it, I was overjoyed.  I do no consider that an invasion of privacy at all.  By definition, an “invasion” of privacy would imply that the school officials went above and beyond normal means to obtain private information about a student.  First of all, logging onto the internet and going to a website is not by any means going above and beyond normal means, and second of all any information on the internet that you don’t even need a password to access is by any means private!  School officials – especially the ones in charge of safety – not only shouldn’t be scorned for scanning these websites from time to time, but they should be encouraged to.  Police and other authorities scan these pages all the time to successfully help prevent child molesters, sexual predators and other various incarnations of stalkers from harming or abusing other people. 
	No line should be drawn when it comes to the internet.  People – even kids – should be informed appropriately so they know what they are getting into when they sign up and join websites such as Facebook, MySpace, BuddyPic, etc.  I am not calling for a Big Brother or 1984 style government spying on citizens; I am just calling for the citizens to have some common sense and to show some basic logical judgment.  If this is too much to ask for any specific person, then that person should not be allowed to even use a powerful tool such as a computer.  In some senses, one could argue that a computer with access to the internet can be more powerful and destructive than a car – ask anyone who has had their identity stolen or bank funds drained.  A license to use the internet may sound extreme, but I think it would not be completely illogical.
	As a closing note, I would like to say that I myself am part of Facebook and MySpace.  I do not use these websites for any other purpose then to keep in touch with friends that I know in real life.  I have never and would never write or hold conversations on these utilities that I wouldn’t say loudly in a crowded room of strangers. Then again, I believe I have common sense.
