      The Iraq war is without a doubt the most controversial topic on the news today.  There are many different subtopics to discuss within the subject itself, the two most common being whether the reasons for going into Iraq in the first place were justifiable and whether we should still be there.  Since the United States is already there, I don’t think it is worth it at this point in time to point fingers about who was right or wrong about going in.  However, it is relevant to discuss the option of pulling out.
      I admit that I am undereducated on the subject from a political science perspective, but I have heard stories of what goes on over in Iraq from a primary source.  My friend was a marine who enlisted right before 9/11, so he was one of the first people to be sent over as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom.  He has shared with me numerous stories of his time spent in Baghdad as well as other cities.  One base he was stationed at the marines nicknamed Camp Incoming, because the base was under attack 24 hours a day.  One night at Camp Incoming, my friend remembers lying down outside with all of his gear on (in case of emergency) with the rain soaking through his inadequate raincoat, falling asleep to the sound of incoming mortars.  He told me that he didn’t really fall asleep as so much pass out from exhaustion, and imagined that what he felt “must be what it feels like to have AIDS.”
      After listening to all of his stories, I can’t help but demanding a damn good reason for sending kids my age overseas to go through hell and possibly die thousands of miles from home.  At this point, pulling out of Iraq seems the appropriate thing to do. If we have created a mess, then we should attempt at cleaning it up.  However, cleaning up that mess is what we have spent months upon months trying to do, but to no measurable progress.  In my opinion, the war has gone on long enough, and we should stop trying to undertake impossible tasks and literally save the world before more of our brothers and sisters die as they are every single day.
