      I feel fine about the legalization of marijuana for adults of age in Denver.  However, there should be no discussion about the effects being ‘similar’ to alcohol, as this is a flawed argument.  The reasons that someone should argue for the legalization of a drug such as marijuana should be based on research on the causes and effects – both positive and negative – of using the drug.  It would be perfectly acceptable for alcohol to be used as a control group:  alcohol is legal, so if the drug in question doesn’t produce any negative effects beyond that of alcohol then those results can be used as evidence to support its legalization.
      On a more personal note, I always thought that alcohol produced far worse effects on a person’s environment then marijuana.  When was the last time you heard about domestic violence from a stoner father?  I’ve never heard of it.  Maybe the kid would come home, notice his dad’s rather sleepy, then become overjoyed as his father treats him out to some TGI Friday’s.  On the other hand, as a college student I’ve witnessed many examples of how someone doesn’t need to be an alcoholic to screw their life up.  Every weekend, multiple students get written up by their Resident Assistants for public intoxication or performing some idiotic activity while drunk, such as urinating on the side of a building.  During these times, where are the stoners?  Breaking and entering?  Carjacking people on North Charles Street? Robbing a liquor store?  None of the above, folks!  Basic logic tells you that with the amount of students at a college like Loyola, someone somewhere is taking hits from the bong, and they’re not even getting caught.  The reason for this is because laughing maniacally at reruns of South Park on Comedy Central while ordering from three different take out restaurants isn’t a crime.  The worst punishment for that would be a noise violation.
      Of course, the legalization of marijuana isn’t something to be taken as a joke (in its entirety).  There are people who question where the drugs come from in the first place, or if the people they are buying from are supporting some terrorist organization.  With the federal legalization of marijuana, this problem would be eradicated.  Once someone gets a hold of some pot seeds, everybody and their brother would be cultivating their own stash.  As an added bonus, the new demand would probably create a whole new industry which in turn would create numerous jobs.  There have been rumors of cigarette producing companies such as Phillip Morris spending money researching how to go about marketing a marijuana cigarette, just in case the government decides to legalize it.  Even if that is just a rumor, it would be hard to imagine Big Business witness the birth of such a great moneymaking opportunity without capitalizing on it themselves. 
      After discussing all of the above points, it is important to note that marijuana will not be legalized federally at any point in the near future.  So, if you plan on smoking the reefer, you’d also better plan on hiding out in your comfortable living room eating deliciously greasy American food… but I don’t think that idea will bother you that much.
