      Gender discrimination will always exist for the same reason any discrimination will always exist – people are different.  If someone is different from everybody else, that is an easy and obvious target for another person to put them down, regardless of what motivates the bully.  That being said, I believe that gender discrimination has come a long way in the past few decades.  Through the Women’s Rights movement and other similar activism, I think certain people have succeeded in convincing the American public as a whole treat everyone a little more fairly.  All that anyone can ask is that people be treated with respect in public, no matter what private opinions people hold.  So, while there will never be a complete eradication of gender discrimination in America, we are on the right track to making everyone treat each other with the most respect possible.
      Women hold the short end of the stick as far as gender discrimination is concerned.  This is because the man has held a higher social status throughout history.  Even if we look back as recent as the early 1900’s, men were primarily the head of the household, holding the higher paying job.  Women were considered the homemakers, and if they even had a job at all their professions were limited to short list, such as teachers or nurses.  After the World Wars, when the men were sent off to war, women started to fill in for the positions that up until then were reserved for men.  This probably had a lot to do with women gaining more respect as a demographic, because it proved that most of the jobs done by men could also be done by women as well.  In present day, women have just as good a chance at getting a job as men do applying for the same position. However, there still remain fields of work that are statistically held primarily by men, such as engineering and some of the other fields of science.  This may be because women simply aren’t attracted to those jobs as much as they are to other jobs.  Whatever the cause, the lack of female employees in these lines of work still leave the door wide open for discrimination.  For example, since there are not many women scientists, one could make the faulty correlation that women don’t excel at subjects such as math or science as men do. Since there will never be an exact 50/50 ratio of men and women at all jobs, this type of reasoning for gender discrimination will always exist to some point.
      Men can be discriminated against in the workplace to a lesser degree, but for different reasons.  As mentioned before, some occupations were classically held by women.  When men start to apply and work at these jobs, they can be viewed as feminine.  American culture as a whole unfortunately still holds the belief that men should be manly and macho.  Therefore, men who hold these jobs are open to a different brand of gender discrimination.
      
