	The Iraqi war is definitely an event that I do not agree with the Bush Administration on. I think that it is pointless killing that will not solve any problems and it is time to bring our troops home before more fatalities occur. We have been over there for several years now, and we have yet to see anything get accomplished. It almost feels as though Bush is continuing this war for his own selfish ambition rather than the reasons he originally stated for it. I think that Bush has lost a lot of support by keeping our troops in Iraq for so long, yet he does not seem to care. It seems as though there is some ulterior motive or something because what he is doing just does not seem to make sense. I think that he should put himself in the shoes of the soldiers who are in Iraq and maybe he will see how ridiculous and unreasonable he is being. I am sure that if he were over in Iraq fighting a war with no end or solution in sight he would wonder what the point is too. This war has definitely gone on long enough and it is about time it ends.
	It almost seems as though the United States is incapable of staying out of the affairs of other countries. Iraq is its own country and therefore should be permitted to deal with its own problems and establish its own government. We should not have to sacrifice the mothers, fathers, children, brother, sisters, etc of American families so that Bush can continue his pointless war. Sadaam is gone; there is no authority figure to fight anymore. If a country does not want our help, who are we to move in and try to take over? If they want to blow each other up, that is their choice, but unless they make a personal attack on the U.S., then Bush should just mind his own business. There are so many problems we are dealing with back in the States, and I think that Bush should deal with those before he goes and tries to fix the problems of others. Although the United States has a lot of things going for it and a lot of positives, this country is far from perfect, so it seems a little hypocritical to go and tell another country how to leave when we do not even have it all together. Iraq was built on different terms and religious values, and if they are rejecting the values that the U.S. is trying to instate, then Bush should just let it go. If they really wanted our help they would ask or at least stop killing American soldiers. At this point, it almost seems as though the killing is more Bush’s fault than the Iraqis. He knows what is going on over there and that nothing is being accomplished. It is his responsibility to put an end to all this craziness and just bring everyone home. 
