	Although gender discrimination is not nearly as big an issue as it has been in the past, I do feel as though it is still an issue in the present-day United States. Women have really moved their way to the top in today’s society. They are able to do pretty much all of the same things as men, such as hold high positions in jobs, become pastors and ministers, and are not obligated to stay at home and raise the family and take care of the house. Although a lot of gender discrimination is not vocalized in such places as the work place and in politics, its presence is still there. In such situations when women are competing against men for positions, men are typically more likely to get the position. Also, when women do hold higher positions over men, the men beneath her do not always respect her the way they should and sometimes undermine her authority. We know that gender discrimination is still prevalent because of its role in the media. I have seen a number of episodes of shows that focus on the inequities women suffer from in the workplace and how they are sometimes disrespected because of their gender. I also have many male friends who are quick to come up with gender related jokes that are meant to make fun of women and say that they are inferior to men. Regardless of whether or not they really feel this way, such acts show that women are not seen as equal in today’s society no matter what laws are written. It may be the law to treat women the same as men, but there always seems to be that underlying feeling in the back of society’s mind that says that women are beneath men. I do not feel as though men are discriminated against in the workplace because they created the workplace and typically run the work place. Most people do not look at a man and think that a woman would be better qualified for a position simply because she is a woman, but that happens to women all the time. 
And then there is the whole debate as to whether or not we will ever see a woman president. It seems the only way this will ever be accomplished is if women band together to make it happen. I am sure that most men in this country would not be thrilled with a woman becoming president and it almost seems as though it may never happen. I would be thoroughly shocked if this happened within my lifetime solely based on the mentality of today’s society.  I think the only way to change the discrimination that still prevails in today’s society is to change the way we think altogether. Discrimination will never go away unless that mentality of women not being the same goes away. It is not enough to make laws saying that women have the same opportunities as men, but people have to make a conscious effort to look past gender and look at what a person bring to the table and is able to offer. 
