	Although marijuana is a drug, it is a lot less potent than most and in my opinion, a lot less dangerous. In all honesty, it would probably be a lot less expensive and less trouble just to legalize marijuana. I don’t think what Denver did was a bad idea at all because by legalizing the drug and putting standards on it, they are actually giving themselves more power and minimizing crime. I personally think that smoking anything is a disgusting habit, but marijuana is so widely already used that it is not really a going to make much of a difference I don’t think. If anything, it’ll take some of the glamour away from it. Just because drinking alcohol or smoking cigarettes is legal does not mean everyone is going to go out and do it, it’s just an option. Also, using marijuana is a lot less dangerous than drinking alcohol. You can’t overdose and die by smoking too much marijuana, whereas with alcohol, you can overdose and die by drinking too much. In my experience, I find that alcohol has much more dangerous and inhibiting effects than marijuana does. Legalizing other drugs would be a bad idea because they can and often do end in fatality, but smoking marijuana has about the same health risks as smoking cigarettes minus the mild hallucinogenic effects. If marijuana were sold in controlled environments like alcohol is, it would greatly reduce crime, and make the drug safer because you would not have to worry about what it was laced with. It would have a standard price and unit it was sold in and this would eliminate the possibility of being cheated out of your money. This would give the government the same monitoring capabilities as is has with alcohol. Obviously, driving under the influence of marijuana should still be punished much like alcohol is, but it would be a lot harder to prove and detect unless an accident occurred because that would warrant probable cause to test the driver. Regardless of whether or not marijuana is legalized, it is still going to be smoked by a large population of the Americans, so the government might as well cut their losses and legalize it. I don’t think it could get any worse by doing so, so really what is there to lose at this point? The war against legalizing marijuana has gone nowhere, and this country is in far too deep to eliminate it all together. At this point, that would be impossible because someone will find some way to smuggle it in or grow it, and the harder it becomes to get, the more expensive it becomes, and the more appealing it is to market because of all the money involved. The only way to end the madness is for the government to control the entire market and by doing this they will put many criminals and drug dealers out of business. This also frees up space in jail for those who were incarcerated for possession of marijuana and allow the police to focus on more serious crimes. Overall, I think this is the best solution. 
