	For me, gay marriage is a tough subject because I don’t really know how I stand on the issue. I was raised in a Christian home and have gone to church all my life, and homosexuality is very obviously against my religion and against what the Bible teaches. On the other hand, however, I have many good friends who are homosexual and I love them to death and would want them to be happy regardless of what I was taught to believe. So I guess I am stuck in the middle on this issue because I don’t agree or disagree with either side. Regarding the states that have legalized gay marriage, that decision is up to who ever is governor and if he legalizes it, then I see nothing wrong with that. The people who live in the state are the ones that elect these officials into office and they know beforehand where that person stands on gay marriage, therefore if a state decides to legalize it, that is their personal decision and since there is no country-wide law banning it, I don’t think that those living outside of the state have any grounds to argue. If you don’t agree with the laws of a state, then move or be an active participant in the next election so that your voice can be heard. 
	In my opinion Bush pushing for a constitution amendment banning gay marriage is relatively understandable. Being a republican and a conservative he obviously does not agree with gay marriage so the fact that he is trying to ban it is in no way surprising to me and should not be to anyone else. Considering that America was built on having faith in God, it makes sense that the laws of the country should reflect what is written in the Bible. However, since church and state has been separated, I do not know if that is a valid argument any longer. Overall, I do not think that the federal government should be involved in the issue because I think making a nation-wide law would do more harm then help. Also, but allowing each state to make their own decisions, it gives homosexuals hope to have a legally binding relationship with the person they love and also gives them a chance to experience what people in heterosexual relationships have experienced. 
	For me, this issue is not black and white and there is no right answer or wrong answer. I have been raised to believe one thing my entire life, and if you asked my parents or any of my church friends, they would say that gay marriage without a doubt should be illegal no questions asked, end of discussion. In all honesty, I don’t really agree with the homosexual lifestyle, but I do not judge people based on their sexual orientation. Regardless, everyone deserves the chance to be happy no matter whom they choose to love. Societal norms have changed greatly over the centuries, and it’s no surprise that they are going to continue to change, but before change happens, there is always controversy and conflict, but I guess that’s just part of the cycle.
