	Because sites like MySpace are public sites and pretty much everyone is aware that whatever is posted on a MySpace site is readable by the general public I do not think that it was invasion of privacy to use information posted on a students MySpace to stop a school shooting. Considering that in doing this, the school saved the lives of its students, I think that their actions were completely justified. If the student wanted what they posted to be private, then they should have written it in a diary or a blog. By posting it in a bulletin, they were putting it out there for anyone to see and have access to. Considering sites such as MySpace and Facebook are used to find information on future employees and to use against many teens that go to court, it is no surprise that schools are jumping on the bandwagon to find information about their students. I do not think this was an invasion of privacy because when I think of privacy, I definitely do not think of MySpace. MySpace is a place where anyone can find out anything about you if you post it on your page and if a creepy old man can stalk teenage girls through it and that not be considered an invasion of privacy, then protecting students by using information posted on a MySpace should not be either. If there are things that you do not want people to know, then you should not put it where everyone can see it. On MySpace it is possible to post private blogs that can only be read by the creator of the page or certain friends chosen by the creator so it is almost as though he wanted to get caught. By posting a bulletin the student was basically sending out a letter to everyone who was on his friend list and I’m sure many of the people he is MySpace friends with are his classmates, and if one of them saw the post and it was something they were genuinely concerned about I am sure they would have said something to a parent or teacher just to be on the safe side. It is almost the fault of the student who posted the bulletin that the shooters were caught. Typically things like this are meant to be secret and a surprise attack, but by announcing the plan to the world, he took that away and he really has no one to blame but himself.
      What I do think would be an invasion of privacy is going into a students locker or backpack or any other private item owned by the student. I know that lockers are technically school property, but I do consider going into a locker without a really good reason unfair and unlawful. I also do not agree with schools doing such things as bringing in drug sniffing dogs. I think that it is important that students feel safe while they are in school, but I also think that it is important that the administration does not violate the rights of the students. 


