	I think that the Catholic Church is definitely stuck in the past and that it needs to adapt to the twenty first century. Judging by all the pedophilia incidents with the priests, I think that the church would be wise to adapt. We were born to be sexual creatures, and living a live of celibacy is very difficult. Also, for the sake of the reputation of the Catholic Church, it would probably be more beneficial. I find that people are beginning to associate Catholic priests with pedophilia and it is giving the church a bad name. The Catholic Church has always been known for being upstanding and righteous, and these acts definitely do not reflect that. I know that by changing this rules, the Catholic Church would be ending centuries of tradition, but considering how much the world has changed since the Catholic Church was instated, it would be a beneficial change. The Catholic Church has essentially stayed the same all of these years, and it seems that if they had been more willing to adapt and change with the times, it would have avoided many past problems and the current ones they are dealing with now. The Church also would have avoided a lot of controversy. I definitely agree that the Catholic Church’s unwillingness to change is the main reason why they are dealing with all of these problems and having these cases of pedophilia among the priests and boys in the church. By changing, it is likely that all of this would have been prevented. You do not really see any of these things occurring in churches that allow their pastors, priests or whatever to marry. 
	Although making changes to the traditions of the Catholic Church is the most logical and practical thing to do, it is probably an impossible task, at least in this day and age. The fact that the Catholic Church is built on centuries of tradition makes change seem pretty far-fetched. Also, since it was started in Europe, the change would have to begin there with the Pope. Also, making changes would probably spark a lot of turmoil and disagreement because everyone is so used to the way things are. Making changes like these would completely revolutionize the Catholic religion and by be open to wanting to change; it would open the door for more things like having women priests. I don’t thing having whether or not the church has women priests is as much of an issues as allowing priests to marry. Not having women as priests has not really been the root of any problems in the Church, at least to my knowledge. Obviously having equality is important, and I not allowing women to be priests is unfair, but I personally am not really offended by it, I’m not really sure why. I think because of how strict and narrow the traditions of the Catholic are, and female priest would not be well received, at least not in the beginning. I think it would be more difficult for her to have a strong church and large congregation because I think she would be less respected because she is a woman. 
      All in all, I think that the Catholic Church has a lot of loose ends they need to tie up and problems they need to figure out how to solve so that they can avoid all the controversy and bad publicity they’ve been getting. 
