	Gender discrimination, although not as prevalent as it has been in the past, is still an issue in our society. In the past it was discrimination for very large issues, women were not allowed to vote, or hold a job. But there are also stereotypical beliefs held by both genders that are not completely extinct.
	When some men look at women all they see is “Suzie homemaker.” There is a stereotype of women that they belong in the kitchen, meant for nothing else then taking care of the house and the family. But this is not at all true. Women are just as capable as men to work and make money to support their families.
	However, there is discrimination in the workplace too. You have heard the story many times. A woman is at work and is not taken as seriously as the men that she works with. Even if she holds the same position as a male co-worker her education isn’t good enough, or her presentation couldn’t possibly be as good as a man’s work. Women have come such a long way. Although never faced with completely equal opportunities, our mothers and grandmothers took great strides in making life better for all women. It is now not unusual for women to work, as well as take care of a family. Women are powerful and can do anything they set their minds to. Women should be awarded all the same opportunities as men without restrictions.
	Not to be biased, men are faced with gender discriminations. Throughout history men have been referred to as the “bread winner” of the family, whose only job was to go to work and make the money. Taking care of family issues was not in the job description. However, times have changed. Now there are many men, who are referred to as “Mr. Mom”, taking care of the children, the housecleaning, and the family. Men as well as women can be in charge of these responsibilities. There shouldn’t be these stereotypes facing both genders that undermine what they want to do with their lives.
	More then just work related stereotypes there are others facing both genders. Women are seen as the weaker gender, the gender that is not as capable as the men. Men are seen as the less emotional, less sensitive gender. Although in some cases these stereotypes are true, it is unfair to label all of one gender as having specific traits.
	So what can we do about this problem? What can we do to change it? I don’t know if there is much we can do as an individual. For just one person to try and change discrimination would be a monumental task. But the power of a group is often underestimated. This is how women originally won the rights that they share now. Many women in the 1920’s were part of protests, picket lines, shouting “Votes for women.” They fought for their equal rights. The stereotypes we face now, although not a gigantic feat to overcome as winning the right to vote was, are still very important. Together if a group were to come together they would have a greater chance of getting something accomplished.
