	I believe that the Catholic Church does need to change its ways. With many issues, the Church is bound in the ways of the bible. The bible, being written many years ago does not take into account new ways of thinking. 
      Priests have many rules they need to obey. They are not allowed to be married; they are seen as being married to the Church. In many other religions the holy men are allowed to be married and still serve their faith. I don’t think there would be much of a change if priests were allowed to have a wife. Their devotion to their faith would not be changed. Having a family and a wife does not mean you cannot still serve in your job. Look at all other professions; all the men and women who hold jobs are still able to have a family if they want to. The church should be no different. A family does not change a devotion to faith.
      Having female priests would also be a positive change for the church. Since the founding of the Catholic Church, priests have been required to be male. But what is the difference? Why is a man a better fit for a holy man? I don’t understand what the difference would be; a female could hold the same devotion as a male. 
      Now we need to take into account the recent acts of pedophilia involving priests in the Catholic Church. I do not believe that this act would have been change if priests were allowed to be married. These terrible acts happen even now all over the country. Not always with priests, but with other men who think this is a good idea. Allowing priests to marry would not have changed how they acted. They acted inappropriately and should be punished.
      The Catholic Church holds many strong views on issues that are currently being discussed in our world. On the issue of sex, the Church believes in abstinence until marriage, and do not condone any other form of birth control. Although this is the view that most would hope is being followed, this is not the case. Many people who have yet to be married are having sexual relations. Isn’t it more important to help the health and well being of the people involved? Now that our society has altered views on this issue, isn’t it time for our church to follow?
      The same goes with the topic of gay marriage and gay rights in general. The Catholic Church holds strong disapproval of gay marriage. This has become an immense issue in our society which is involving government in making the final decision, but the Church should look into learning more about the issue to try and accept it. The Church should be a place where you can come to feel one with god, no matter what your sexual preference is.
      The Catholic Church has to make some changes to catch up to the 21st century. Many strides have been made in other branches of life in the United States but the church is one place that has never changed.
