	Gay marriage has become a strong issue in the United States today. Everyone seems to have an opinion on the issue. Personally, I believe that Gay marriage should be completely legalized in the United States. Some states have legalized this, where as some states want to completely ban it.
	Currently, President Bush is trying to propose an amendment that will ban gay marriage. I think this is absolutely ridiculous. Who gives our government the right to say who we can and cannot marry? The only restriction that heterosexual couples have regarding marriage is the age: you must be 18. Why should homosexual couples be faced with any more restrictions? It is wrong to say that two people who are in love are not able to get married, no matter what their sexual preference is.
	There are two people and they have fallen in love. They care about each other, and are looking to get married and start a family. They want a wedding to show their friends and family that they are devoted to each other and for legal reasons. Married couples have rights when it comes to legal issues for their spouse. These seem like pretty normal reasons to want to be married. So why does it matter if these people are men and women, men and men, or women and women?
	There was a case in the news recently where a lesbian was in the hospital on life support. Her parents were there and so was her partner. Her parents wanted to end her life; they felt that she should not be living on life support. However, her partner knew that she would have wanted to try to live on machines, but because there was no legal tie between the two women, her partner had no rights. How is that fair?
	In many cases homosexual couples are still able to adopt children. These family styles are becoming more and more common in our society. If a couple is allowed to have a child, why should they not be able to be married? No one stands in the way of heterosexual couples. Right now I could find a heterosexual partner and walk into a courthouse or a chapel in Las Vegas. With little difficulty I would be able to marry this heterosexual partner. But if I wanted a homosexual marriage, forget it. 
	There are such ridiculous views held by people in our country against homosexuality. Very few homosexuals are trying to push their views onto you; they would just like to be able to live their lives normally. 
	Studies have been conducted that say being homosexual may be genetic. So how would you like it if you were born with brown hair (another genetic trait) and you were not able to get married? It doesn’t seem so fair when we look at it that way. 
	Passing an amendment that would ban gay marriages seems like such a drastic move. Why should our country be so biased against citizens that are equal to us? In the United States we have the same rights; we have freedom of speech, the right to bear arms, the freedom of press. This should be no different. There should be nothing standing in the way of homosexual couples.
