	Marijuana usage and possession have been a big issue in our country since it was illegalized. In the 1970’s marijuana was used habitually by many individuals. Although it is illegal, there are many people who still illegally use and sell this drug.
      Recently in the city of Denver, they have legalized the possession of marijuana in small amounts. I don’t think that this is a good idea. To legalize this drug, even in small amounts is giving the country permission to use it. This is not a good step for our country to be taking. I feel as though this drug is better off being illegal. The movie The Breakfast Club comes to mind, when John shouts out, “If he gets up, we’ll all get up!  It’ll be anarchy!” This movie, which centers on the life of delinquents in high school, shows some of these students smoking marijuana. This is part of what makes them the “bad kids” that they are. By legalizing marijuana, this task does not seem as bad. The world would be very different. The people of the 60’s and 70’s, who used marijuana heavily, would never have stopped. Our world could be much different as it is today. Picture how the prohibition of alcohol in the 1920’s changed the alcohol industry. If marijuana had never been illegalized, there would be many people under its influence today.
      There is only one purpose for which marijuana should be legal. In the case of medicinal marijuana, it is possible that this drug can help patients of cancer get through the side effects of chemotherapy. It can also be used for other medical purposes. In this case, when marijuana is prescribed for a patient’s health care, I think that the usage of marijuana is ok.
      An argument for the legalization of marijuana is that the effects of marijuana are similar to those of alcohol, why should alcohol be legal and not other drugs? Personally, I don’t feel that alcohol has the same effects as marijuana. I think that marijuana has a stronger effect in smaller amounts. It makes people act much differently, and it is harder to control when people are under the influence of this drug. In the case of the city of Denver, why legalize it at all if you are only going to legalize it in small amounts?
      Marijuana is like any other drug, it is still used often by many people even though it is illegal. The same goes with underage drinking of alcohol, people who want to use it find ways to do so. It is important that our country keeps up with its regulation of these violations as well as they can. I have many friends who would love for marijuana to be legalized in the United States; however, personally I don’t think it should be. I don’t agree with the usage of marijuana, I don’t like the way it affects people and controls what they do and how they think. I think the country has made a smart decision by sticking with their law. 
