	Since right after the attacks on our country on 9/11 we have been involved in a war. This war, the war in Iraq as it has been called, is fighting for a better life for those citizens of Iraq who have lived under control and in fear of the terrorist groups that reside there. For many of them, they had little hope until the United States showed up to help.
	The war in Iraq has had its moments of ups and downs. Their have been times full of hope and times full of despair. We have lost a lot of men and women in Iraq, but we have also saved some lives; saved them from the terrible life they had been living.
	I believe that our forces are doing good things overseas. We have helped them to be freed from the evil forces that bound them, helped them to try to start over in finding a better life for their country. Many of Iraq’s people are no longer struggling in fear and a need to survive. There is hope for the people of Iraq now, no longer overcome by terrorist groups, this country has a chance. There is a chance for change, a chance for new beginnings. We have given them a new option, a new choice of freedom.
	I think that we need to stay overseas longer. For Iraq we have given them a strong starting point for which they can make a strong government off of, but our work is not done. Without our help I fear for what may happen to the citizens there. Will they be strong enough to stick to their new form, not to be taken under control as they were before? We have no way of completely knowing. We need to stand strong in Iraq continuing to fight, and to help them fight, for what we believe is best for them. Isn’t this what this war is all about?  Getting revenge for what we think is right, and helping other people. It is important to keep our goal in focus.
      There are many conflicting views on this issue, which has led to many heated debates in our country. What do we do? Many feel as though it has gone on long enough, that we should get our men home and keep them safe. They feel that we are just risking more lives by staying there, that there is not much more we can do. But there is a lot that we can still do there. Many parts of Iraq have been destroyed in warfare, and many continue to be destroyed. Each day we hear more about what is going on overseas. From what I have heard the violence is not over. The United States needs to keep control in our hands. This is not a time to loosen our hold on the power. We have set Iraq up in the right direction, but without our guidance who knows where they could end up. It is important now to keep them heading in this direction. A direction towards the freedom and democracy that they deserve.
