	Myspace, facebook, and many other online websites have sprung up all over the internet. There is not one person that I know that is not a member of at least one of these websites. They allow you to connect with people from all over the country, sharing common interests. Your profile consists of pictures, an about me section, maybe even a clip of your favorite song. Sounds great right?
	Sometimes these websites aren’t all they are cracked up to be. How do we know that the person we are communicating with is really who they say we are? The truth is we don’t. When not using these websites to communicate with people we already know, anything can be said on the internet. You can put up and picture you want, and only right the most appealing stuff about yourself that everyone with access to a computer can see. That’s the real point, anyone with a computer can have an account, and anyone can create a profile under any alias they want. Your information is not safe.
	So this leads to the problem of privacy rights. Recently a school was able to prevent a school shooting from information they received on myspace. Is this an invasion of privacy? 
	I don’t think that the school violated any rights by looking at myspace. I can see both sides of the argument. The child thinks that it is his or her right and privacy to be able to have a profile on a website like myspace and not have to censor him/her. This is true, however it is not your right. The moment you enter something onto any website you are putting it out there for anyone to be able to see. The entire World Wide Web, with millions and millions of people from all over the country, now has access to the information you presented about yourself. The internet leaves little room for privacy rights. On certain websites there are privacy settings, allowing only certain people to view your information, censoring it from view to the public. But these rights can only go so far. What you need to remember is that everything that you do on the internet is subject to being seen by the entire world, if they know where to look for it.
	As for the school preventing a shooting, this little tip from myspace saved what could have been a tragedy. The school was not wrong in receiving their information from this source. I don’t know if they were responding to a tip that someone gave them or not, but they probably were tipped off by someone. If you are going to put information like that on the internet, you need to be aware of the audience that could be viewing it. A bulletin on myspace is sent out to everyone who you are friends with.
      I don’t think school officials should go searching myspace looking for a problem, but if information is presented to them, they have just as much of a right as anyone else with a computer to check up on it. In this case, the school was right in following their lead. This information prevented something terrible from happening.

