	The opinion of people who want the Catholic Church to change according to life in the twenty first century is absolute absurdity. The Catholic Church has always been a target for criticism ever since Martin Luther, or even before him. The media currently loves to focus their attention on the Catholic Church, and all of its faults. It is most likely that everything the Catholic Church is facing is also happening in other religions, such as pedophilia, etc. If one selfishly changes a religion because he/she does not agree wholly with the views, then that person is not dedicated enough to that religion. If a religion is changed, then it is not that religion at all. Therefore, if the Catholic Church changes its ways to accommodate the twenty first century, it wouldn’t be the Catholic Church anymore.

	There is always a reason for everything within Christianity. A female can not become a priest because the religion specifically said that they can not. The option of becoming a nun was created for women if they wanted to become that committed in the religion. Another ridiculous change would be to allow priests to marry. The priests can not marry, because all of their love is devoted to God. These things are parts of the Catholic religion, and will always be a part of it. Most people who want the Church to change aren’t even Catholic, or are selfish enough to solely stay away from church because they don’t agree with one thing. Normally this “thing” is sex before wedlock. If one stays away from the church because of that, then they should re-evaluate their faith. It is like if a man loves a woman who has a shaved head. If he truly loves her, then the male will stay with the woman. If the man tells the woman to grow hair with the threat of leaving her, then did he actually love her? The answer is no, the man was too selfish to stay with the “love” of his life. Even though the hair would have made her perfect for him, he took his selfish ways instead of his dedication.

	Just because the media only focuses on the Catholic Church does not mean that the pedophilia does not occur in other religions. The media is one of the only reasons that people dislike the Catholic Church. Every few weeks it seems as though there is another case on a Priest who has committed a crime, or the Pope who has done something debatable. I have noticed that those stories make headlines, whereas if an important person in another religion does something of the sort, it is not magnified as much. If these exaggerations of the Catholic Church’s “mistakes” cause people to form the opinion that the Church needs to change, then they should form another religion similar to the Catholic Church. This, of course, would not be a “true” religion because of the fact that it was not created as a result of some magnificent occurrence. The example for the Catholic Church is that Jesus came down to help everyone on earth. What basis would this reformed version of Catholicism have? The new religion by itself would not have anything to base itself upon other than the religion of Catholicism (a true religion) - not an occurrence, etc.. Changing the Catholic Church to suit modern wants is ridiculous due to the fact that a religion is not its true self unless its followers believe what they were intended to follow. 
