	The United States’ involvement with Iraq, otherwise known as “the Iraq War,” is a controversial debate within the United States which I support. There are many things that people look at as they judge the leader of the United States’ decisions. The fact that a great amount of Americans do not like President George W. Bush has a huge affect on how it appears that all Americans view the war. Throughout my teenage years, I have been a leader within Boy Scouts. I know from experience that a leader can not go anywhere without the support of his people. I have made mistakes as a leader within Scouts, but these mistakes could have been solved easier if my “followers” would have cooperated with me. I feel as though President Bush is in the same position that I was in back then. It is true that he is not the United States’ best, smartest, etc. President, but he is our leader, and America needs to respect that. I believe strongly that if a leader is believed in by his/her people, he/she can do many great things. I support the war in Iraq due to my steadfast faith in our country’s leader, President Bush.

	As I was surfing the internet on www.facebook.com, I found a group entitled “Thank God for Bush.” This group supported President Bush because he is our leader. I noticed that this group turned into a debate site about the war in Iraq which Bush is leading. Many people posted on the “wall” of the site their disbelief in the war, and their opinions on why it is pointless. In opposition to the protestors, one person posted on the wall a story of a child asking his father and mother, who were both soldiers, why the U.S. was at war. The father took the son to his window and told him to look outside and imagine that each yard in the neighborhood was a different country. Pretending that their yard was the United States and the boy was President Bush, the Father told his son to look out of the window and imagine that the man across the street was Sadaam Hussein. The father then told the boy to imagine that the man was throwing his family outside and beat them to death. The little boy wanted to call the police (U.N. in this case), but they would not help. As the man walked across the street to burn down the house of an elderly lady, he looked the boy straight in the eye. No one would help the boy when he wanted to get help, so the man across the street eventually ended up at the boy’s doorstep- stronger than ever. The point of this story, the father told his son, was that if he had stopped “Sadaam” before any of this happened he would’ve prevented all of the casualties. This story touched me and inspired me even further in my support for President Bush and his efforts in Iraq.

	After reading this moving story, all of my thoughts and feelings on the Iraq War became stronger. I knew that there is no point in starting something and not finishing it, especially something as serious as a war. As the story put the situation in the Middle East to perspective for me so that I could look at the world as though it was a neighborhood, I realized that all countries should look out for one another- no matter what the name of a country is. People should not only look out for specific countries, but instead look out for the benefit of all mankind. Everyone in this world should support all other humans, if their intentions are good. The United States’ war in Iraq has everything except bad intentions which is why I believe that Americans should believe in the United States’ efforts in the Middle East.
#29

