	Looking on someone’s privacy within a public school system should be something that is not looked negatively upon if students’ lives are at danger. The fact that school officials prevented a school shooting due to the discovery of a myspace bulletin fills me with happiness. I have talked with public school teachers about safety in the school system, and they said that parents drop students off at school with the idea that the building is a 100% safe place. Some people may believe that the school system’s looking on myspace was an invasion of privacy for the student who was caught. I believe that if the school system has a legitimate excuse for “spying” on a student, such as saving lives, nothing is the matter with what they did as long as they are protecting their students. 

	If a person accuses the school system of spying on the student who was caught, then they need to look deeper into the actions of the student. As stated before, the student posted his intentions on a myspace page about  the potential shooting. When looking at what the student did, most individuals do not realize that what he did was an outcry of what he wanted to do to the public. “Bulletin,” as stated on www.dictionary.com, is defined as, “a brief account or statement, as of news or events, issued for the information of the public.” The key words to focus on in this definition are “for the information of the public.” No one would ever post anything on a bulletin, with the intentions of the public not seeing the display. The fact that myspace is on the internet- an area filled with networks with the sole purpose of communication- also shows how obvious the student’s outcry was. Since the purpose of an internet bulletin is for the public to view, I believe that the school system did not invade the student’s privacy. It is obvious that if someone posts something for everyone to see, even people who a person may not like may be able to see that post. The fact that the school system caught this message was nowhere near an invasion of privacy for the student. It was just as easy for the school officials to see the bulletin as a regular person could in their home. The Public School System educates the public and looks after their children during certain hours of the day. The School System did not invade the student’s privacy because, as indicated in the “public” portion of the name, the school has just as much of a right to view myspace profiles as anyone else in the community.

	The line to draw for the Public School System in regards to privacy for its students should be clearly noted as a point where one student may endanger his/herself, other students, or the school at all. If a threat is not posed, then schools should not go online to look for things to accuse students of. If, however, a threat is posed, then the school needs to do its job by any means necessary to keep its students safe. If something is so obviously displayed to the point where School Officials can go on to the most popular website online and look it up, if the message is too private then the material should never have been entered to the website in the first place. Since the school in this prevention of the shooting helped save lives, then that’s all that should be talked about. Saving lives and safety in general has and will always be a bigger concern than an invasion of privacy within schools and around the country.

29

