      The legalization of marijuana never used to be a constant debate in my mind. I was once a person who had a set mind against drugs of any type. The reason for this stubbornness, I have come to realize, is that I was ignorant in the field of drugs. All of public schools make blatant attempts to turn students away from any type of drugs and/or alcohol. Coming from a traditionally Catholic family, my parents were also against the use of these substances. Once I entered high school, I obtained friends who turned out to be “Pot Heads.” I realized when I met some of these people that they were some of the nicest persons that I had ever met. My biased stereotype on “stoners” was that if they used drugs, they were bad people. Meeting these nice people who happened to smoke marijuana finally allowed me to realize that using drugs did not necessarily make someone a bad person. Meeting my friends who smoked marijuana has forever changed my opinion to the view that “pot” should be legalized in the United States.

	It has come to my attention recently that Denver, Colorado, has legalized “small amounts of marijuana.” If the national law is that marijuana is illegal, then I believe that it should not be legal within the Denver city limits. There is already a huge underground market for marijuana, and the government has no control over it. If the U.S. government would make the drug legal for the entire country to use, people would not be smoking joints laced with cocaine, etc. The government would be helping people if they would take control of this issue. Since the under ground marijuana market is big in the United States, it displays how little control the government can have over its people. If the legalization of marijuana occurred within the United States, then the government would more-so be able to display its authority over people by destroying pot’s black market and protecting its citizens from “hard” drugs.

	Marijuana is such a common drug that some people do not even consider it a “drug.” I personally have never smoked “pot,” but marijuana is not a bad thing- especially if the government would come to be in charge of its distribution. Pot calms down its users and affects their responsiveness. This does not hurt anyone, but instead makes them happy for the most part. If the drug is not legalized, then the black market money will go to things such as the distribution of even worse drugs, such as cocaine, etc. If the U.S. government would legalize pot, then the profits or tax on the drug could go to building schools, homeless shelters, etc. It is currently easy enough to buy marijuana to the point where if I wanted to, I could find a way to buy it right now. Most countries in the world do not care if their citizens smoke pot because they feel as though it is a personal choice. The U.S., however, is arresting teenagers because the kids are doing something to their own body to have some fun.

      Previous presidents such as Bill Clinton have tried marijuana, so why can our citizens not? If one drives their car while high, they will most likely be going at a slow rate. This is better than driving drunk, because a drunk driver could do more damage at higher speeds. I believe that “weed” should be treated as an equal of alcohol. If the government’s job is to keep its citizens safe, then why is it that they are allowing drug money to go to waste due to not legalizing pot? This money is going to guns instead of people. Marijuana is not a bad thing, and the U.S. government should join the rest of the world in legalizing it.
#29

