	Recent media around the United States has boosted the topic of gay “marriages” to the point where you see it everywhere. I am not a supporter or a hater of gay men or women, but I do have a problem with people acknowledging a wedlock between two of the same sex. I can see where people come from on both sides of the debate. It is obvious how people can be offended by it, but I can also see how people can not help themselves if they are gay or straight- it was apparently the way that they were born. I believe that gays should be able to become a couple legally, but not through the word “marriage.”

	“Marriage,” according to www.dictionary.com, is “the social institution under which a man and woman establish their decision to live as husband and wife by legal commitments, religious ceremonies, etc.” This definition of the word allows no room for arguments. This mentions both legal and religious issues- two issues that people argue about when the subject is brought up. Nowhere in this description mentions a man and a man, or a woman and another woman being together. Since the definition of the word “marriage” is described as this, I believe that another word, such as “partnership,” etc., should be used in place of “marriage.” I have witnessed the conversation between a gay and straight person where the straight male asked the gay male how he knew if he was gay or not. The response of the gay man was asking the opposing straight man how he knew if he was straight or not. The gay man’s argument was that he could not help it, and that it was as natural as being straight.

	Even though one of these men was straight and the other gay, they are both United States Citizens and live under the U.S. Constitution. What this means is that every person has the same guaranteed rights to live their lives by. What people need to realize is that our country was based upon Christian principles. I can not see how changing these founding principles can be a good thing. The best option is to work around, not change, these words written so long ago. As said earlier, a bind between a two men or women could be called a “partnership.” If this wording existed, then a marriage could still be a sacred unity between a man and a woman in Christianity. This would both respect our country’s founding religion and please the rapidly changing modern views of U.S. citizens.

	Since George W. Bush is the leader of this Christian-based country, he needs to realize the fact that he needs to live up to the wants of our nation. While pleasing our citizens, President Bush should also be keeping in touch with the basis of our country. A simple change of words is the solution to all of these problems. There is no fighting the fact that the United States government was founded on Christian beliefs- beliefs that a marriage consists of a man and a woman. If you change a religion so that it suits your personal interests, then you are not committed enough to your religion. Allowing “gay marriages” would precisely be doing this- changing the religion to suit modern wants, not needs. Even though this one word is a small step, the change of it will be powerful enough to stop all of the problems it is creating in the United States. 
