      During the summers of 2005 and 2006, I worked for a real estate company named Re/Max American Dream. A description of my job consisted of  answering telephone calls and setting up appointments for real estate agents to show homes on the market. Another title for this “Desk Management” job, as I liked to call it, would be a secretary. With the world as it is today, being an eighteen year old male who has a job as a secretary is not something to brag about. My reasoning for not wanting to admit to being a “secretary” is solely because of how society today looks upon the stereotypical job and description of a secretary. The public does not see a typical secretary as a hegemonic alpha male, but instead as a woman- the exact opposite of me. Since stereotypes have embedded themselves deeply into today’s society, I believe that gender discriminations are a huge portion of the present day United States.

	A typical stereotype for a woman consists of cooking, cleaning, and being weak whereas a male’s stereotype would be “macho,” loving sports, etc. These stereotypes are tied into the workforce, and sometimes determine whether a man or woman receives a job or not. The three types of jobs in the world today are stereotypical male jobs, stereotypical female jobs, and jobs for both sexes. An example of each may be a bouncer, a maid, and a pharmacist. If a random person was asked to pick which of these jobs were typically assigned to males, females, or both, the person would most likely get all of their decisions correct. Some jobs such as in construction require strength, and since males are naturally stronger, the majority of construction workers are men. When picturing a stereotypical maid, one could possibly think of the “French maid outfit.” There is no version of this outfit for men, because the job used to specifically be for women. Nothing is stopping a male or female from doing a job typically assigned to the opposite sex, but the reason that many people do not partake in this switch is because of the ways they were brought up. The entire world sees the jobs on television done by stereotypical people. Not only television, but media and other parts of society influence our take on gender and how we perceive it.

      There have been little girls who like Thomas the Train, or little boys who “want to be a mommy” when they grow up. Gender definition doesn’t set into children’s minds until about the age of 5. It is at this point where they realize that stores do not sell clothing for everything they like, or toys that they want to play with specifically for their interests. It is at this age where boys start to play with G.I. Joes, and girls start to play with Barbie dolls, etc. Since before the United States existed, gender has always had its specific definitions for males and females. Everyone is brought up this way, and have been in past years. For this reason, mothers and fathers pass their views onto their children and so on. These children become heads of companies which then produce these stereotypical male or female toys based upon their views of gender. These toys further influence America’s view on gender to make the idea more steadfast as time goes on. The way to get rid of gender discrimination is to bring children up without gender-specific toys as mentioned above. Children would then play with whatever they want, and become and act how they were meant to act- without being influenced by society. Society has created America’s views on gender, and will not stop unless the next generation is brought up neutrally.
29

