The Catholic Church most definitely has to adjust to the changes of the present day. Society was very different in the time of Jesus than it is now. Women now have rights and society places a heavier emphasis on different things and issues than the people of Jesus’ time did. I do not understand the why priests cannot marry. They say that they are supposed to be married to God and devote their life to God and his teachings. There is no reason why these men cannot have wives and families and still be faithful to God. I am sure that they now have other interests than God, such as a favorite sport or hobby. Is this taking away from their life with God? Not really. There is also no reason that women cannot be priest. In fact, there were even women priests and preachers in Jesus’ day. With all the rights that women have and all the equality that we have achieved should enable women to have the opportunity to be more than nuns. I think allowing priests to marry would have definitely helped to avoid most of the cases of pedophilia. Some men that are sick just go into the priesthood to hide their true identity and they are not even devoted to God. If they were allowed to have wives there wouldn’t be the problem of sexual tension that is arising today. Priests are humans too. I am not saying that sexual relations are necessary for life but I think having that significant other in your life is very important and not something that one should have to give up in order to be devoted to God and his teachings. I believe that God wants everyone to do the best that they can in all that they do and most importantly, to be happy. I think priests of today’s society would appreciate the fact that they have the option to have a family and not have to make that decision. I also believe that women priests would be a great asset to the Catholic Church, something new and refreshing. Some women may feel awkward repenting their sins to a man all the time. Maybe some would feel more comfortable talking to a woman. This might encourage more people to become active in the church and encourage women to further their faith. I know that I would feel much more comfortable talking to a woman about the things that I have done wrong. I feel like they are more nurturing and that they care more about how you feel than a man would. I feel like the men are just concerned about telling you what you have to do to make up for your sins. I don’t feel like they always just want to talk about things. I would also love to go to a mass that was done by a woman priest. That would be so new and so interesting. The catholic church has to find a happy medium where they can keep their tradition and also adapt to the constantly changing times. This will only help to better educate the people of today, by adapting to their way of life and relating to their day to day problems and concerns.




