Privacy rights are a big issue in our nation today. Honestly, I am not sure why this is. I think it is because I am one of the norm. I am a white, catholic, American girl with absolutely nothing to hide. I do not believe that the government would ever want to invade my privacy. However, if they did, I trust my government enough to know that they must have had a valid reason for doing so and that it was for the betterment of the country, which I am all for, especially after the tragedy of September 11, 2001. My beliefs about privacy rights are as follows, if you do not trust your government to have valid reasoning for invading privacy, then you should leave. The government’s intention is only to protect you from potential danger or to keep you from endangering the country. This angers me so much when people do not agree with the government having access to some personal aspects of a citizens life. If you do not want the government invading your privacy, don’t do anything that would make them think that you’re going to endanger the country, that is not asking for much. The government has many other things to do and much more important things to do than to tap you phone call with you friend Jen about you plans for the weekend. What I am trying to say is that the government wont invade your privacy if you don’t give them a reason to. It is that simple. Like the school officials, that kid gave them a reason to suspect him of endangering the school and its students. I do believe that this was not an invasion of privacy because by putting that information on myspace, that kid no longer had any privacy. Myspace is a public network. I don’t believe anything on the internet is private. Invasion of privacy or not, the school officials made the right decision because they prevented a potential life threatening act. Who knows how many children and teachers could have been killed that day? Is this kids privacy really the top priority? I think that is ridiculous to even be thinking about that. I believe that the only reason the government should only invade privacy if they have reason to believe that that person is going to endanger themselves or someone else. I also think that I have these views because I am a part of the majority. If I was a teenage boy from Afghanistan I would probably have a different outlook on privacy rights. I think privacy rights and racial profiling however are two separate issues. And, unfortunately, because I was personally effected very much by September 11th, I do not have any problem with racial profiling. If it will promote the safety of our country then I do not have a problem with it. If they do not like it then they do not belong here. As harsh as that is, I do not believe that we should cater to anyone just because that would be abiding by their privacy rights. When it comes to national security, I believe that privacy rights do not matter at that point.




