In the terrorist attack of 2001, I lost many close friends and relatives. I live right outside the city so I was affected greatly. When this first happened I was in eighth grade and even at that age, I developed a prejudice against middle eastern people. I could not stand the sight of them. I got chills when I watched the news and the re-runs of what happened that day. When I first witnessed the attacks on the towers, the first thing that popped into my mind was war. I wanted to get revenge on the terrorists so badly. I can only imagine what President Bush thought that day. His people were attacked and killed that day for no reason. Of course he was mad, upset, angry and distraught. I think President Bush had the hardest job of all that day and they days after the attacks. My first decision, as his, would have been to go to war. Although this was a rash and irrational decision, I think it was necessary at the time. We could not just let the terrorists kill our friends and relatives and just stand there and watch. Something had to be done as a response to what they did. We had to at least try and stop them. President Bush’s only mistake, I think, was how long we ended up staying in and occupying Iraq. I think by staying in Iraq we are only killing more of our men and women and we are getting nothing done. And, what we have done, will fall apart the second we leave. Those people are just not able to function in a normal society. If they cannot get along with and work with each other, how are we supposed to organize rules and laws so that they can live in peace? I think the men of the middle east are the most ungrateful people. By occupying Iraq further, we are not making any progress. All we can do now is protect ourselves because we know that they will always be a threat because they hate the United States. Because I was affected so greatly that day, it is still hard for me to look at middle eastern people not be disturbed, scared, or angry. I think it is in our best interest to pull out of Iraq and try not to deal with them at all. As the war has shown, there is not much that we can do that will stay in place. If they cannot get along with each other, I don’t think anyone can expect President Bush to solve all of their internal problems. All he can do now is protect out country with all that he can. I think the men and women that are stationed in Iraq should return home and we should heighten security instead of trying to solve Iraq’s problems. I think that the government should focus on the United States’ gaps in security and problems. This is all that we can do. President Bush cannot create miracles.




