Essay 3
I have two thoughts on gay marriage. I do believe that everyone has every right to be with the one they love. However, because it is against church teachings, I do not understand why they are making such a big deal out of calling it marriage. Marriage is a sacrament between a man and a woman. It is an eternal bond that they share. You also have to look at it from the perspective of a catholic as well. If God loves everyone the same and treats us all equally, why wouldn’t he accept a gay couple? I think that He would accept them, but because the laws of marriage were meant solely for procreation in the time of Jesus, this is just another reason that the church must alter laws to keep up with the times. I know a gay man who has a significant other. They want desperately to be married. I asked them what they thought and he said “It’s not like if we get married, the whole world is going to become gay and there will be no more procreation.” I agree with this. Also, with the number of gay marriages increasing, maybe there will be an increase in the rate of adoption around the world which is a very good thing. Children could have two parents that love them and all the opportunities in the world. President Bush’s law against gay marriage is ridiculous. First off, I do not think this is any of the government’s business. Honestly, what do they care if gay people are getting married? They should be worried about other issues such as health care, education, poverty in the US and the war in Iraq. Gay marriage is an issue between the homosexuals of America and the Church that is in its very early stages. I believe the church has to alter some teaching, yes, but I think that, to compromise, marriage should stay between a man and a woman and gay marriage should be called something else since it obviously is not an eternal, sacred bond between a man and a woman. This is an issue that is going to be fought over for a very long time since it is fairly new of a topic. Homosexuals are just as much a part of the Unites States as we are and they deserve every right that we have. Which I believe they do. In regards to the church, I think there is a lot more sensitivity because homosexuality was not seen as a norm when the laws were being made. Hopefully, with time, like most other controversial issues, this will be resolved and maybe gay marriage will be seen as more of a normal thing. Personally, I am for their rights and I would like to see them be just as happy and get to experience married life and family life just like every other heterosexual couple. It is a very special experience and if you can find that person, whether it be a man or a woman, then I believe you should spend the rest of your life with them.




