Unfortunately, gender discrimination is still a problem in our society today. Although it is much more subtle than it ever was it still does exist. I believe that gender discrimination is most prominent in the business world. Our society is trained to automatically think that the owner of a business or company is a man and all of his top managers and CEO’s are men as well. I think that we get this image from things such as television, movies, and sadly, real life. Most children grow up their fathers out working. It is rare that the father is the stay-at-home parent and the mother is out working. I also think that there is discrimination based on what want you choose to be your occupation. You rarely see a male preschool teacher, nurse, secretary, day care owner, or stay-at-home parent. I have personal experience concerning this issue. While my brother, my sister, and myself were growing up, my mom was always at school functions, always home to answer the phone, and always available to pick us up from school and friends houses. All of our friends’ mothers thought that was mom was a stay at home mom and so did their dads. So, when all of our families would all get together during the year, the fathers were automatically gravitate toward each other and talk business. Little did they know that my mother was the owner of the Universal Advertising Agency. She had began the business when we were all very young and she ran it from our house so that she could easily double as a stay-at-home parent! All of my friends fathers was amazed at how much she knew about the business world. Another example is my friends father. Most of my other friends’ mothers were lunch “ladies” at my old high school. Well, one father decided that he was going to become a lunch “man” because he worked nights and he had the whole day free. Although it was sort of weird at first, we ended up loving it because he would be the best cook there! He also gave out some free stuff here an there. What I am trying to say is that either sex has the potential to do anything they want whether that occupation is dominated by males or females. To help the problem of gender discrimination across our nation, I think that we just have to keep doing what we are doing already. We have to be open-minded, accepting, and not so ignorant to assume anything. I think we also have to expose the younger generations to different things. Learning tools such as flashcards with women nurses on one and a male doctor on the other does not help this cause. Young children are learning to decipher these two occupations by which sex dominates it. They are growing up thinking that females can’t be doctors and that men can’t be nurses. It is little things like this that is hindering our young generations.  




