The city of Denver has decided to make small amounts of marijuana legal. I do not think that this is a good idea at all. Who is to say what amount is a small amount? What is a large amount? There is no way that people can agree on how much is a small amount. If you are going to legalize the drug then legalize the drug in its entirety. Do not do it half way. There is no reason for it. Studies have shown that this drug is not only harmful to your body, but, it is also the gateway drug to more intense drugs such as cocaine, ecstasy and heroine. This drug is meant to give you a high, or a good feeling. Other drugs such as alcohol are meant to do the same thing and that is illegal for people under the age of twenty one. If they wanted to legalize it, I guess it would be more practical to set and age limit which is much more clear to the public than “a small amount.” The only problem with this would be, who decides what age is appropriate to make this decision? Should it be the same as alcohol? These are all questions that people must find a clear cut answer to before anything is finalized. Children, younger and younger each year, are experimenting with marijuana and for most, it leads to other drug use. These other drugs are illegal so why legalize something that has been proven to lead people to the use or experimentation with them? If they United States plans on legalizing a small amount of marijuana they should just make it all legal. Sometimes, it is the fact that it is so wrong and against some law that makes rebellious children experiment. They get such an adrenaline rush from the fact that it is not allowed. I do not agree with the use of this drug, however, if it were legal, and almost a norm, I think less people would be inclined to do it. Then it could also be taxed and more expensive which will turn people, especially kids, away from it. A friend of mine who uses marijuana somewhat often says that that is one of the big reasons for why he got started. He does not regret it, but, he said that the thrill of going against what your parents and society told you to do gave him such a high. He loved making decisions on his own instead of abiding by what was drilled into his head since he was a small child. He has nothing but good things to say about marijuana. It’s strange. Out of all of my friends, marijuana users and non  marijuana users, he has the highest average in school, has a job, and does service learning. He also plays lacrosse, soccer, and basketball. This can only make you wonder if the drug really is as harmful as they say. I guess we will just have to do more research.




