	Personally, I think cigarettes should be made illegal.  So why would I support the legal smoking of marijuana, which is even more harmful to the lungs?  People throw lawsuits left and right when asbestos is discovered in their workplace because they’re so afraid that if they breathe it in they’ll get cancer, and some of those same people smoke two packs a day.  If asbestos is illegal, cigarettes, along with their counterparts cigars, chewing tobacco, and joints, should be illegal as well by logic.
	The argument is made that marijuana has effects similar to alcohol on the body, and if alcohol is legal then how can marijuana be outlawed?  The fact, however, remains that marijuana is significantly different from alcohol.  Alcohol such as red wine has been shown in small doses to be beneficial to the body by improving heart health.  Of course, like many drugs, if abused it can be extremely dangerous.  But the only beneficial effect of marijuana on the body is that it relieves pain - and so do lots of other drugs.  The harm of breathing in marijuana smoke far outweighs any benefits to be gained.  If you’re in pain, take Vicodin or a drug that won’t give you lung cancer 20 years later.
	Another problem with Denver is the legalization of “small” amounts of marijuana.  How does one go about regulating marijuana?  There’s no proof system like for alcohol - batches of marijuana are mixed with different materials so that each has a different strength and composition.  And justifying its legality by saying it can only be purchased and used in small amounts is a pretty ineffective way of controlling its use.  Who’s to prevent people from purchasing multiple batches and using them all at once?  And does this mean that a legal marijuana content for the body will have to be established, like the BAC, to prevent people from driving under the influence?  I would like to hear how Denver plans on regulating the consumption of marijuana to keep it safe.
	Plus, although marijuana and alcohol are both addictive in certain situations, marijuana is known as a “gateway drug” while alcohol doesn’t usually lead to doing harder drugs.  Many people who smoke marijuana move on to harder drugs like cocaine as they build up a tolerance.  Allowing marijuana to be used legally could eventually lead to the legalization of other, more dangerous, drugs as well.  Once marijuana use becomes commonly accepted, the standards of what constitutes “drug abuse” will change and accept other drugs like cocaine for “limited” legal use.  Instead of relaxing our standards to accept more drugs, we should tighten them to include nicotine as a drug which should be made illegal.
	One could argue that legalization of marijuana will make it safer for those who use it, because they don’t have to follow illegal routes to get it and the composition could be federally regulated.  It would eliminate some drug dealers and deaths due to contaminated drug batches.  The problem is, marijuana isn’t that much of a problem in those departments.  Marijuana dealers can be the kid sitting next to you in freshman English your first year of high school, and most times contaminated drug batches are an issue with more expensive and dangerous drugs that are cut with random materials.  Really, legalizing marijuana will do nothing more than give the police more of a headache in deciding what is legal and what is not, and cause more lung cancer and addiction.
