	I think the Catholic Church came a long way during the papacy of Pope John Paul II in terms of modernizing and reaching out to people of the world today, but still has many changes to make to fully adapt to life in the 21st century.  It’s very hard to balance the value of traditions such as not allowing birth control with modern values today and will by no means be an easy or quick process, although that is what people are calling for.  The problem is that such an evolution of society and technology has taken place over the past hundred or so years that an institution like the Church that has undergone a minimal amount of change since its inception 2000 is an anachronism.  It will take patience on the part of everyone involved to bring the Catholic Church to a resolution with the standards of modern people.
	There are many aspects of Church doctrine that should be updated, like not allowing women priests or priests to be married.  In a society where women and men have achieved equal roles, or are trying to, it is important that an institution advocating equal rights should put into practice what it preaches.  There is no reason except tradition that women should not be priests, not to say that traditions are useless.  There are plenty of good traditions the can remind us of our heritage or unite people as a family or even a country, like the Fourth of July.  But when traditions are followed blindly for centuries without question, they can turn into harmful biases and inhibit change and growth.  There are many traditions the Catholic Church should hold on to, but the Latin Mass wasn’t one of them and celibate priests aren’t either.
	There is much to be said for keeping strongly to convictions in the face of opposition, and the Catholic Church has been good at that from the moment of its birth.  But there is also much to be said for reviewing one’s convictions in light of the situation.  In the Bible, God told Moses that lepers were ritually unclean, but Jesus, in a much later place and time, declared that lepers were God’s children as much as any of us and were to be treated like so.  Vatican II proves that we don’t have to wait for Christ’s second coming to see changes happen in the Church.  Many aspects of Church tradition were changed then and Catholicism didn’t fall apart.  It may have lost some members who were upset by a change, but it gained many more who found the new, more modern Church more accessible to them.  There are going to be positive and negative consequences to a change in any organization as far-reaching and ancient as the Catholic Church, but long term benefits must be considered as well as the immediate emotional responses that are sure to happen among members.
	As to the recent bout of pedophilia accusations dealing with Catholic priests, I believe that to be a separate issue from modernization in the Church.  Pedophilia is a serious mental illness, and there are both genetic and environmental aspects to the expression of any mental illness.  Perhaps there is such a relatively high rate of pedophilia among priests because many men who felt unnatural attraction to children became priests in hopes that the constant exposure to religion and vows of celibacy would keep their urges in check.  In any case, they were all well aware that no female priests were allowed and they would never be getting married.  If once they were priests they were overwhelmed with the responsibility or felt the call to marriage, they could have left the priesthood.  Although this isn’t easy and s heavily disapproved of, it’s not as if you’re going to jail or the Catholic Church will take out a bounty on your head if you leave the priesthood.  I think there are a lot of things the Church could do to modernize itself and make itself more in tune to its members, but it can’t influence whether or not priests are pedophiles.  Who knows how long this problem has existed - just because in the past few years it has been exposed doesn’t mean it’s new at all.  The Church should remove priests with pedophilia from power positions and get them the help they need, but it should concentrate on reaching out to the modern world.
