	There is no legal reason to make gay marriage impossible.  Decisions about whether weddings can be performed in a church and recognized as a religious union should be left up to the leaders of specific religions, and the state should stick to determining whether a union is worthy of a legal marriage certificate.  Many gay couples show the same level of commitment as straight couples - they live together, raise children together, and grow old together in sickness and in health.  Why should they not be given the same legal benefits and rights as straight couples?
	Religious arguments are perfectly valid.  It is totally dependent on religious leaders to decide whether or not homosexuality is a sin or accepted by their religion, and the attitude members should take toward homosexuals.  They can even decide what rights gay people will have within a religion - whether they will ever be allowed to become priests or rabbis or just allowed to be lay people.  However, that has no effect ( or shouldn’t, at any rate) on the legalization of gay marriage by the government.  Voters and legislators both have to start separating the two issues in their minds.  The decision on whether or not to allow gay marriage should have nothing to do with personal feelings of approval or disapproval of homosexuality.
	Members of the gay community are part of a minority just like Hispanics or African Americans and should be treated accordingly.  The government would never think of denying the right of marriage to African Americans, so why should it to homosexuals?  There is no psychological difference between gay people and straight people; it’s not like they have a mental defect, they just have a different sexual orientation.  They feel the same way about their partners as husbands do about their wives and vice versa, and gay relationships have been shown to be very similar to straight relationships.  Children raised by gay parents have been shown to be well adjusted for the most part, and many children raised by straight couples have been shown to have psychological issues.  The health of children has nothing to do with the orientation of the parents, just the methods and effectiveness of parenting, and so cannot be used as an argument against gay marriage - especially since allowing it would give children a better sense of stability and normality in their home life.
	President Bush’s proposal for an amendment banning gay marriage is uncalled for and highly questionable from an ethical and legal standpoint.  On what grounds are we trying to deny these people a basic right that everyone else in America enjoys?  They are not posing a threat to heterosexual marriage.  It’s not as if by seeing the happiness of a married gay couple more people are going to become gay.  Heterosexual families and gay families will always remain unique and should be treated as two separate entities, not just a deviation of a single entity.  This is especially a legally charged issue because Bush is not only trying to deny a status of equality to a significant minority in the United States, but legal rights as well like housing, tax and health care advantages.  The federal government should definitely be involved in this issue, but on the side of the rights of the people that it swore to uphold and protect.  If gay people are allowed to live in the United States, own property here, have jobs here, shop here, and be active parts of their communities, then they deserve the same rights as heterosexual people who influence American society and economy in the same ways.
