	I honestly don’t know that much about the Iraq War.  I’m not aware of many of the reasons people give in support or against it, so all I can say is what I think without having many of the facts.
	I feel that war was basically a bad idea to begin with.  Diplomacy would have been a much less damaging way to go, and would have led to greater results in the long run.  We went in with barely any support and basically politically bullied other countries into giving up their own resources for our use in a war we started all on our own.  It should have been an issue contained within the United Nations from the beginning.  Granted, the UN should have more power in deciding conflicts and authority over member countries.  Perhaps its relative ineffectiveness is part of the reason today we are still involved in a conflict that could have been avoided years ago.
	I honestly think the war in Iraq has done nothing  but make things worse.  The argument has been made that Saddam Hussein’s regime was an evil that America was right to rid the world of, and his image has been likened to that of Hitler.  But in the case of World War II, cries went out from the persecuted groups in Germany that were heard around the world.  The people wanted to be helped, and realized that nothing would ever change without major outside intervention.  Plus, Hitler posed an immediate threat to America because Germany and other members of the Axis were poised to take over the world if ever the Allied forces let down their defenses for a minute.  Saddam Hussein was in no way trying to take over America, or even European countries.  All of the “weapons of mass destruction” which posed such an immediate threat to us in 2001 have yet to be discovered, while if they had ever occurred in such quantities as they were thought to you’d think we would at least find a clue as to what happened to them.
	Even President Bush has changed his opinion, or at least his administration has.  “Stay the course”, encouraging citizens to keep supporting the war and discouraging a reevaluation of its execution and purpose, has changed to endorsement of a change in methods as Bush’s approval ratings magically drop.  I think a drastic change needs to made in America’s action in this war, or we are going to be in it for just as long as Vietnam if not longer, with even less results.  It’s not even clear what we’re trying to accomplish anymore.  Are we trying to rebuild Iraq, or just instill democracy, or still rid it of insurgent factions, or keep it under military control so it’s no longer a threat.  There are many mixed messages running through that war, and I’m not sure how Bush is even justifying keeping troops there so long after the war has officially been declared over.  The war in Iraq is still as much a war as the war in Korea was, although its motives are much less clear.
	Although since we went in to begin with, we have changed so much and had such an effect on the lives of Iraqi citizens that we have a responsibility not to just pull out and go back to America, and pretend like we were never there.  What we should be doing is not trying to patch up the situation by ourselves however, but admitting humility and asking for help.  Instead of donating money, time and supplies to giving Iraq new buildings and a new government, we should open up a little bit diplomatically to see what the Iraqi citizens actually expect and want from us, and what the UN thinks we should do.  The WAR, at any rate, has to end before any real improvement can begin.  If we can’t reach a compromise with Iraq that allows us to help them without them attacking us, then a neutral party needs to step in and take over relations because the way we’re going is leading us nowhere.
