	I can’t see any way at all in which school officials circumventing a dangerous situation by reading a student’s Myspace would be an invasion of privacy.  Any information posted on the internet is meant for others to read- otherwise, why put it up?  Information made public in any way, like in a note passed around or posted on a blog, should no longer have privacy rights attached to it.
	If this were a case like the one in which a girl’s purse was subjected to search by school officials because she was suspected of possessing marijuana, it might be different.  A purse is by definition private property (someone owns it), the internet is not.  This is especially true because the entire purpose of Myspace is to share personal information with your friends and other users.  The information on your “personal site” is constantly subject to review and censorship by the creators of Myspace, which they tell you on registration, so there is no real expectation of privacy.  In fact, many schools warn their students that they search student Myspaces and Facebooks.
	Even a personal site not on a host like Myspace or Facebook can’t be considered private property unless it is specifically made unavailable to everyone except a certain group of people.  Anyone can get a Myspace, and anyone can look at most personal sites.  It is a school’s right to look at the same personal information that is available to millions of people all over the world with a click of a button - people such as stalkers and child molestors!  If a person has no problem with potentially dangerous people seeing such personal information, then he or she really has no call to pick and choose who has a right to look and who doesn’t.
	Posting a bulletin on Myspace that says you are going to shoot up your school is akin to writing it on the bathroom wall and signing it (you can’t post an anonymous bulletin).  You can’t guarantee which of your friends will use that bathroom and see it and you can’t guarantee that no teachers will wander in and read it as well.  I would have more of an expectation of privacy for my school locker than my Myspace, and schools constantly warn that lockers are subject to random checks, including with drug dogs, and if they have probable cause that you are breaking school rules your locker will be searched.  
	Schools have, or should have, the right to subject any material brought into the school to search or seizure if given probable cause.  Basically my view on it is if you don’t want your principal to see it, then don’t bring it to school.  The issue is a little cloudier with Myspace because the bulletin wasn’t brought in to the school, but was posted in a setting where many of the perpetrator’s classmates could see and read it.  It is the schools job to look out for the interests and safety of its students - there are cases where it is acceptable for schools to interfere in non-academic issues to protect students, like when one student gets a dangerous and contagious disease it is the school’s responsibility to notify other students that they may be infected as well.
	The line is very unclear for the amount of power schools should have.  I would say that it should stop at interfering with home life and what students do outside of school, but schools have the right to call social services if they think a bad home life is affecting a student, and they have the right to suspend students who are found drinking.  The bottom line is that by sending their children to school for 6 hours a day parents are conferring a huge amount of responsibility on the school to keep their child safe, and that responsibility doesn’t just last during school hours.  The right of schools to invade privacy is often questioned in legitimate circumstances, but reading a public bulletin posted on the internet should not be one of them.
