	Gender discrimination is as much an issue today as racial discrimination, although it is not so negatively looked on.  Racial discrimination creates such responses as “What are you, some kind of racist?” or “That wasn’t funny, why would you say that?”  Gender discrimination is more commonly taken as a joke and so occurs much more frequently.  People talk all the time about how “the woman” shouldn’t be doing something physical or which requires a lot of strength, or make fun of women who take on traditionally male professions like mechanics or construction workers.  They say the woman wants to be a man, but nobody accepts that she chose the profession because it was just something that struck her personal interest.  In the same way, men who enter traditionally female professions like secretary or nurse are also made fun of for becoming effeminate, instead of respected for taking a job which requires a lot of hard work.
	I never noticed how much women are actually made to feel uncomfortable in the workplace until I started watching The Office, a comedy “documentary” series about life working in the sales office of a paper company.  All sorts of racist and sexist behavior that regularly occurs at much lower levels is exaggerated and brought out in the show, and because of the exaggeration it’s funny, but it makes you think.  If things like that never happened in the first place, there would be no basis for the show because it would be implausible.  Instead, people laugh because while the situations are so ridiculous, it is easy to see some of them happening in a real life workplace, or to identify them with a situation you or a coworker were once in.
	Men are also discriminated against in the workplace, but it is more on the basis of sexual orientation, age or race.  I can’t think of a situation where a middle class white male would ever really be discriminated against, unless he worked in an office run and populated by minority employees.  It is more of an issue when women are discriminated against than men, however, because men experience so much less discrimination on a regular basis.  Men can be denied from women’s clubs without an issue, but if an exclusively male organization is created you can be sure there are women somewhere protesting it.  While this is unfair and not the way to go about solving things, it is common practice in today’s society.
	It is the responsibility of both women and men to resolve the issue of workplace discrimination.  Ground rules determining what is acceptable and what is not in the workplace have been set down, and punishments like sensitivity training put in place, that have been very effective.  Women should not have to “become” men, that is be cutthroat and ambitious, to get ahead in certain jobs.  Both sexes just have different ways of working and resolving work conflicts which should be respected.  Teambuilding exercises are a huge part of ending discrimination, but whether or not they work depends on the previous thoughts and views a worker had about people of the opposite sex.  Punishments should be stricter for repeated offenses, instead of just sensitivity training and perhaps an apology and a fine.  Companies tend to humor offensive employees way too much when they are high ranking on the management chain.  The problem needs to be cut off from above, and then lower level employees will see that their own behavior definitely will not be accepted and change.
