      Let me begin by saying that I believe war is a horrible thing, but it is sometimes unavoidable.  To say that we can live in a world without war is naïve.  There will always be those who are willing to use war to further their objectives, or to prevent something bigger down the road.  In the case of the United States and Iraq, we went to war because we had intelligence that strongly suggested that Saddam Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction or the capacity to make them.  George Bush, and others, made the decision to remove this threat.  I believe it was the right decision.
      It really is not our place to make an opinion on the political decisions of our leaders for the simple fact that we do not possess the entire picture like they do.  They are the ones who make educated decisions, not us.  I think we have to put our trust in our leaders.  George Bush is not out to take over the world – he just wants to be good at his job.
      People will criticize Bush for the Iraq war, saying that it has gone on for too long, and that too many American lives were lost.  What if the United States had not gone to war, and Saddam decided to wipe Israel off the map with nuclear tipped missiles?  Or, a more likely scenario would be that Saddam would sell weapons of mass destruction to terrorists who would eventually use them in the United States.  Tens of thousands of lives would have been lost.  Then people would criticize Bush for not taking action.  You see, hindsight always has you coming out smelling like roses.
      It is not our job to determine what the United States should do in the world arena.  We should leave it up to the CIA, NSA, and all the other agencies whose job it is to protect us.  They collect and analyze an enormous amount of intelligence and provide suggestions based on that intelligence.  We should let the experts do their jobs.
      Since we have already begun the war, we cannot just pick up and leave now that it has gotten unpopular.  We have to train the Iraqi military and police force, and make sure they have the capacity to defend their nation.  Once the job is done, then we can leave.  
      I know that a substantial amount of American soldiers have died as a result of the Iraq war.  Compared to other wars, however, the number of lives lost in the Iraq war is miniscule.  There have been losses in the thousands in the Iraq war.  In WWII, hundreds of thousands of American soldiers were killed.  I think it feels like its worse than it actually is because of the media and the way it likes to chronicle every life lost.
      It’s not a matter of whether the war has “gone on long enough.”  Some wars just last longer than others.  The key is that the objectives must be completed, and as of yet, they have not.
