	Gender discrimination is not a huge issue in today’s society, but it still lingers.  I feel like it is on par with racism.  Collectively, it is much less of a problem than it once was, but there are still instances in which it flares up.  No one speaks about it, either.
	For the most part, employers want to maximize profits and minimize losses.  People don’t understand that it is costly to discriminate when it comes to hiring workers.  Women who have the same set of skills, or better skills, as other men who are not hired may be hired by some other employer.  Just look at the cosmetics industry.  Fifteen years ago, the higher ranks of the cosmetics industry were dominated by men, which seems counterintuitive.  It turns out that it was counterintuitive.  Mary Kay is an entrepreneur who was never promoted into the high ranks, so she started her own business.  With her superior set of skills, she constructed the Mary Kay cosmetics giant.  
	The Mary Kay example should show employers that women are indeed capable of having brilliant ideas.  They are not going to turn them away anymore just because they are women.
	At this point, there really isn’t anything that can be done to reduce the remaining gender discrimination in the United States.  There are some employers who are so set on discriminating that they will never change.  That is simply a fact of life.  They can choose to hire whomever they wish, at their own loss.  There is no way to force these bigots into hiring women.
	On the whole, however, I think women have the same opportunities to succeed as men.  It is up to them to succeed in life.  I also think some women use gender discrimination as an excuse for their lack of success.  Because of this, it is difficult to gauge the severity of the problem.
	Gender discrimination is not limited to women.  I think gay men are discriminated against in the workplace, especially if they have a particularly “manly” job like a police officer or firefighter.  They are subject to ridicule and lack of promotion to a much greater extent than women.  In fact, women in these positions may receive preferential treatment just so the organization looks as if it does not gender discriminate.
	Sometimes, the nature of the job necessitates having a man over a woman.  Roofing, construction, and other physically demanding jobs are better suited to men.  It’s a fact of life that men are generally stronger than women, so when a job requires a great deal of strength, why would the employer hire a woman over a man?  In this case, it is not an example of gender discrimination.  Although there will be some women out there who will try to claim that they are being discriminated against.  Employers and women need to work together to make gender discrimination disappear completely.  There is nothing more that the government can do.  It is up to individuals to make this problem history.
