	This is one issue that I am completely on one side.  Gay people should be allowed to marry.  There really isn’t a good reason not to let them marry.  Those who oppose it say that it would “compromise the family unit.”  Are you kidding me?  This is their main argument.  Can they see into the future and know that married gay people will destroy family life?  No.  They have no factual basis for their argument.  Gay people are perfectly capable of raising children, maybe even more so that heterosexual couples.  I say this because two gay people who want to have kids must overcome disapproval from society so much so that if they only kinda wanted kids, they would not do it.  Consequently they would most likely be excellent parents.
	This issue only exists because of homophobes and the Catholic Church.  They have this idea that if gays are allowed to marry, Armageddon is sure to follow.  The truth is that the vast majority of people in this world are heterosexual.  The gay people aren’t going to take over the world.  They simply want to have the same rights as straight couples.  Gay people should not be punished for something they were born with.  It is perfectly natural to be gay, just as it is perfectly natural to have red hair.
	Do people think gay people want to be gay?  Who would want to put up with all the ridicule they must endure throughout their lives?  What if we were to say that straight biracial couples could not marry?  Doing such a thing would be out of the question.  I feel that it’s the same way with gay marriage.  There really is no difference from a normal marriage except that gay people cannot procreate.  So what?  This is where the Catholic Church gets involved.  They autocratically declare that God says it is necessary for married couples to have children.  God didn’t tell them anything.  He tells the pope, the priests, whomever, about as many things as He tells a frog.  The Catholic Church should limit themselves to matters of faith, because they have no physical proof or facts for anything, including the existence of God.  
	The only reason people are opposed to gay marriage is that they’re homophobic.  Gay people aren’t out to hurt straight people.  They just want to share each others’ love through marriage.  We will look back 100 years from now and wonder how we could be so barbaric, forbidding two people to marry based on sexual orientation.  This is the most apparent form of civil rights today, bar none.  It’s outrageous that people are opposed to this.  This is like going back in time 2000 years ago, when women were not allowed to own land.  It’s ridiculous.  And the most frustrating thing about it is that it will not hurt the people who are so opposed to it.  Allowing gay marriage can only help people.
	George Bush’s amendment is a clear violation of civil rights.  It is an abomination that such a thing can even be suggested in today’s government.  The federal government should get involved, and they should make it completely legal for two gay people to marry.
