	I absolutely do not think this example was an invasion of privacy.  For one, myspace is a public website, and anyone can access information there.  Just because a school official saw information about a school shooting does not mean that the subject’s privacy was breached.  How can one even argue that is was a violation of privacy rights?  What should this official have done – just ignore the threatening information because it might violate the privacy rights of someone planning a school shooting?  This issue is plain common sense.  When people are in danger, privacy rights – nearly all civil rights – take a back seat.
	The bigger issue here is the distinction between right and wrong.  When you come right down to it, that is what all decisions in today’s world should be based on.  The benefit of saving innocent lives from a troubled teenager greatly outweigh the possibly  violating the privacy rights of an individual.  We should be so lucky as Americans that we are free in so many ways.  Maybe having so much freedom and so many rights is not always a good thing.  
      When an official utilizes information to prevent violence, many people get offended.  In any other country, everyone would be thankful that a school shooting had been prevented.  Not America.  Americans and American lawyers are always looking to score some easy money by suing others for ridiculous reasons.  Maybe that is what this individual is trying to do – claiming that his privacy rights were violated in order to hide the real issue.  He was wrong and he got caught.  End of story.
      “Privacy rights” is a very loose definition.  I think that people in this day and age are too sensitive.  These “violations” are meant to protect people, not hurt them.  What’s the big deal if the authorities adapt to your actions and catch you doing something wrong.  If you’re wrong to begin with, then you should be caught.  I support the Patriot Act because it is designed to protect people.  It is not designed to be a modern-day version of big brother.  If school shooters, or terrorists, or what have you, have learned to utilize the internet, it is a logical progression for the authorities to utilize it as well.  It’s evolution.  One side adapts, and the other side follows.
      What are the negative consequences to law-abiding citizens?  In short, nothing.  If you aren’t doing illegal things, then you are safe.  If you are doing illegal things, then you aren’t safe.  Only positive things can come from the authorities looking for dangerous signals.  Just look at the results.  Lives were saved from a school shooting because someone acted on information.
      I can see phone tapping as a controversial subject, but accessing information on the internet?  Please.  The internet is a public place and is designed for the easy access and sharing of information.  I can’t understand how someone would think someone’s privacy rights are more important than people’s lives.  This is an example of the backwards way of thinking of many people in the United States today.
