	The Catholic Church is a very conservative and regressive organization when compared to other organizations and religions throughout the world.  They have an attitude of acting the way they want to act – disregarding the opinions of others, even those within the Church.  In today’s modern world the Church still has an empire of sorts.  Vatican City is but a shadow of the Holy Roman Empire, but it still shows that the Church is interested in temporal power, instead of just focusing on spirituality.  
      The pope is supposed to be the leader of the Church.  I see the pope as a way for the Catholic Church to proclaim infallibility in all of its doctrines and teachings.  The pope is no better than any man off the street.  Why should he be the “voice of God on earth?”  I disagree with the highly structured organization of personnel the Church has come up with.  What power have priests been given that they can administer God’s forgiveness?  I believe each person should bypass the middleman/priest and converse directly with God.  The Church would not have this, however, because it would mean that they would have to amend some of their practices.
      That’s one thing that the Church very rarely does.  They don’t like to admit that they’re wrong, because that would jeopardize everything they have proclaimed over the years.  Take their stance on homosexuality, for example.  They actually believe, in this day and age, that being gay is a sin.  This is why the Church needs to adapt to life in the 21st century.  Being gay is biological – it is not a result of the person in question choosing to be gay.  And so what if that person did choose to be gay?  People are different, so let them be the way they are without trying to say that God doesn’t approve.  This is just one example of how the Catholic Church breeds exclusivity.  
      The Church refuses to modernize, even when science has made such great strides.  Scientists now have the capability to utilize embryonic stem cells to quite possibly cure some of the most deadly diseases.  It is ridiculous that the Church would say that scientists should not pursue embryonic stem cell research because it is “immoral.”  Who is the Church to decide what is and is not moral?  Oh, that’s right, God tells them everything that’s right and wrong in this world.
      I still can’t figure out why Catholic priests aren’t allowed to marry.  It makes no economic sense to force the priests to be celibate.  In doing so, the undoubtedly reduce the amount of people who become priests.  I mean, how many people would willingly throw away their sex lives for some far-fetched explanation?  Not many, as the Church is figuring out.
      I do think that the pedophilia scandal could have been prevented if priests were allowed to have sex.  It’s a fact of humanity that all people have sexual desires, and when outlets for those desires are stripped away, the priests turn to the easiest way around the restrictions.  It is the fault of the Church’s unwillingness to change that so many young boys were molested.  I’m not absolving the priests, but I guess they were kinda backed into a corner by the Catholic Church.
