	Let me begin by saying that I work in a hospital pharmacy over the summer.  There are hundreds of different drugs that we dispense daily, all of them having some medical purpose.  We have many drugs that are known as “controlled substances.”  These drugs must always be kept under lock and key because of their addictive properties.  We have several derivatives of opiates like morphine and dilaudid that are very similar in structure to heroin.  These drugs are legal, but they are controlled, and the system works very well.  We occasionally dispense THC in tablet form, the active ingredient in marijuana.
	The point is this.  Marijuana, when used for medical purposes can be quite beneficial.  Just because it is an illegal drug, people think it has nothing but bad properties.  Marijuana should become legal for medical use because it can help people struggling with glaucoma or cancer.
	Past experience shows that highly addictive drugs can be used safely when they are labeled with the “controlled substance” tag.  However, I believe it would be a mistake to allow the public to freely use marijuana, as Denver has done somewhat.  People would abuse marijuana because they have been used to so many years of being told they can’t have it.  When you tell people they can’t have something, it is natural for them to want to get it.  It would be a very big risk to public safety.  People would be driving when they are high, because they would think that since marijuana is now legal, they can legally drive around with it in their bloodstream.  Accidents would increase, and more people would get hurt.
	Once the taboo of marijuana has been done away with (this would take many years), then I would say that it can be safely legalized, in much the same way as alcohol is today.
	Marijuana’s effects are not so nasty that it turns people into zombies.  It is not addictive, and it is hard to overdose with it.  For these reasons, I believe that it should not be treated as harshly as other illegal drugs like cocaine and heroine.  It quite simply is not that bad.  But the government has chosen to come down hard on marijuana, probably because it was once widely used (and still is).  Because the government says marijuana is so bad, people naturally try to get their hands on it.  They in effect have shot themselves in the foot by prohibiting its usage completely and tricking people into thinking that its worse than it really is.
	Marijuana is a drug in its own category.  Cocaine and heroine could never be legalized for public usage, but I think marijuana, with time, could be.  With time is the key word.  First, I say make it available for medical use.  Then, with time, the taboo surrounding marijuana will dissipate, and people will be able to use it responsibly.  Also, it is worth noting that the prison systems are way too overfilled.  This is largely the result of teenagers getting caught with marijuana.  Legalizing marijuana could be a long term remedy for this problem.
