	Currently, the issue of privacy has become a hot topic among people; there is one side that believes our privacy rights are being infringed upon, there are those that feel that we are being protected, and there are some that are not affected either way. In the issue of privacy concerning posts on myspace.com, I do not believe that the individual’s privacy rights were infringed upon.
	To begin, the internet is not somewhere to post something an individual wants to keep private. The internet connects every person in the whole world; everyone has access to the internet twenty-four hours a day. The individual that posted a bulletin knew that other people would see this post. The individual may not have known that school officials would be looking, but it was there for the public. The school officials were looking out for the best interest of the school as a community. I believe that school officials should keep an eye on such “live posts” or “blogs” that appear on the internet. There are some people that cannot express themselves well, and will write something online that could indicate a problem of theirs. I would not call this incident an invasion of privacy. I would call this incident lucky, because the officials were able to prevent a tragic event that has affected many schools across the United States. 
	I would consider something like this an invasion of privacy if it did not affect the school community. I do not believe that school officials should be intruding on the lives of their students. But students do have to realize that the internet is public- what they post can be seen by anyone; teachers, faculty, and school officials. My high school principle had a “myspace” page with plenty of students as his friends. Of course my principle had access to all of the student’s pictures, but he did not get a student in trouble for what he saw. The faculty heard stories in the hallways, they picked up notes, they saw pictures that were dropped, and they only intruded when necessary. The necessary was not most of the time. 
	An invasion of privacy cannot be considered an actual invasion if it is in the best interest of the people. I know that many people would disagree with this statement, especially with all the new practices since September 11th. If and only if my safety is the number one priority do I agree with these new security measures, but for no other reason. 
