	The war in Iraq has been a major issue since the time I was in the 8th grade, after the collapse and attack on the World Trade Center. When I first heard about the incident, I didn’t know that it was a terror attack nor did I know what the World Trade Center was. All I knew was that something happened in the city, and kids were being taken out of school early. I arrived home and the attack was all over the news. I kept seeing the word “war” on the screen; it made me nervous. I had studied about wars in school and thought to myself how lucky we were to not be in a war and how lucky I was to never have had to experience a war. All of a sudden, we were in a war. This kind of war seemed scarier to me though. It was a war not being fought on our battlefields between men who hopefully wanted to be there, but a war on innocent individuals who could not have seen it coming. 
	On September 10th, I had travel basketball try-outs with my coach from the previous year, Coach Farrell. Mr. Lynch was Katie’s father, a girl that I had been in school with since kindergarten; we weren’t close friends, but we played sports together. The first try out had ended and he gathered us all around him. I do not remember exactly what he said to us, I can still remember his smile and how happy he was to see us all back on the basketball court. He had a way of encouraging us to do our best, he never made us feel that we could not succeed; he was stern, but never mean. It never mattered if we lost as long as we did our best. Mr. Lynch was a great man who loved his family, his friends, and teaching others a game that he had loved as a child. I may not remember what he said to us after practice, but as we were leaving he said, “See you tomorrow girls!” That was the last time I would ever see Mr. Lynch. His office was located in one of the World Trade Center buildings. They had found an intact check he had written that morning among the rubble; the Lynch family has that check. I do not remember seeing Katie that day, I remember her mother speaking at his funeral, telling us that Farrell lived a good life and would not want us to dwell on his death, but to move on. Mrs. Lynch brought a note card that he had left for her on her dresser before he left for a business trip one week. She read the note card and began to cry. Mrs. Lynch was a strong woman but not that strong. There were 22 people in my parish that had died from the collapse of the towers. These 22 people all left behind families and children. Mr. Lynch’s brother had also died in this tragedy. 
	Because of this memory, I do not feel that the war has gone on long enough. I believe that our troops are doing a good job in Iraq, and we should be commending them, we should be supporting them, we should not be questioning whether we want them home or not. They are protecting the thousands of innocent people, like Mr. Lynch, who died for no good reason. Why that day? Why those people? Why those buildings?
	I think that war is an awful thing. I wish mankind was more peaceful and never had to go to war, but that is a dream and will never be. So for now, let’s pray for our troops and pray for each other that nothing like this will ever happen again. 
