	Once again, we come to an issue that many people have strong feelings on. In my previous response through the email, I believe that I had a different opinion from the one that I have now. Gay marriage is an issue that should have a 100% overall agreement. I do not believe either side is wrong in their beliefs. We are in the 20th century- times have changed and people should be more accepting of the changes in sexuality. As for President Bush’s push for an amendment to ban gay marriage, I do not agree. 
	Studies may differ, but with others knowledge and with the information presented to me, I feel that genetics is the cause for a person to be homosexual and not heterosexual. I do not feel that it is due to a person’s environment, or they way they were brought up. This type of sexuality has existed all the way back to the time of our creation. It has always been there, people just decided to avoid the subject. I do not agree with the federal government trying to intervene in a person’s private life, especially if they are trying to decide who an individual can marry- it is ridiculous to even think about!
	Marriage was created to bring together a man and a woman; rules have been bent for other issues less important than gay marriage. Why are people so afraid of this change? I know I am uneasy of the idea, but I have to accept it, because we can not change a person’s genetics or who they are attracted to. The ancient philosopher Plato, described humans as beings searching for their other half. He described the original humans as beings in the shape of a ball with two pairs of sexual organs. One ball had two male organs, one ball had two female organs, and the other ball had one male organ and one female organ. When the gods feared the power of humans, Zeus split them in half; they wandered the world searching for their other half. This is how love is described, the search for our soul mate, and the search for the deep connection that we cannot describe. 
	The side opposing gay marriage is not wrong, they believe they are acting for the good of the people, but how do they know what is good for these people different from them. The federal government is not needed for this issue; they have greater things to worry about, and marriage is not one of them. 
