	I believe that gender discrimination is still an issue in the present day United States for both men and women. I feel that women and men are equally discriminated against in the workplace. Discrimination has existed for so long in our country, I do not feel that it will be easy to rid ourselves of it. People have created their ideas and views and do not want to change them. When faced with the issue, people seem to turn their head or look the other way. 
	Yes, to an extent I do believe that there is gender discrimination in the work place. I believe that some people are set in their ways and feel that men can do a better job in a certain profession than women. I also believe that some people feel women can do a better job than men in a certain profession. I do not think that we can change this, because people will view the world the way they want to view it; it is very hard to change a persons view when they are set in their ways. Another point to this issue is that yes men and women are equal, but there are some jobs that men will do better in then women and vice versa. I do not believe this is an attack on the genders, but reality. 
	From my personal experience at a job, I saw that women were treated better then the men. The women were treated as if they could do no wrong. The boys were reprimanded for when they did something wrong, even if a girl did the same thing and was never spoken to. My job was a part time job, it wasn’t serious, and so I do not know what it is like in the corporate world. Movies will portray discrimination in the work place for both sexes. I almost feel that the media “plays up” this discrimination. 
	I do not really know what we could do to change this. I mean, how do you go about changing cultures norms and they ways things have been?
	Gender discrimination does not seem to affect women as much as it used to, as we hear stories about the women in the corporate world, and husbands at home. The changing roles have become a topic of discussion in the 21st century- things are changing on their own. 
	
