	Another controversial issue is the legalization of marijuana. Marijuana seems to entice many people when they just want to “chill out”. Marijuana has been studied for years with scientific findings that prove that marijuana does not have positive effects on individuals. I do not think that most people truly know the side effects of marijuana and therefore feel that this is the drug, if any, to abuse. I believe that the city of Denver has made a mistake in legalizing small amounts of marijuana for people over the age of 21. Now, just like with alcohol, 21 year olds can buy for underage individuals. An underage individual does not even necessarily need a 21 year old; they just need his or her ID. I do not agree with the city of Denver and their decision to legalize small amounts of marijuana. 
	In my email portion of this study, my response was different from what it is now because in between the time, I learned more about the effects of marijuana and what it is doing to a persons body. Personally, I do not feel that marijuana provides any great feeling; I do not think it is that great to risk killing brain cells, or to risk damaging ones lungs. My grandfather was diagnosed with lung cancer almost one year ago. The doctors told him that he had two years to live. He smoked almost ever day of his adult life, cigarettes in the early years and then cigars in the later years. My grandfather was not smoking marijuana, he was smoking tobacco-there is no difference because they produce similar results. I went to visit my grandfather last weekend; he lies in a bed, it hurts to sit up in a chair, he can not move on his own, he needs two nurses to help him go to the bathroom. The cancer moved from his lungs to his bones; he fell a few times, first breaking his left arm and then his hip. My grandfather is 75 years young and was told that he had seven to ten months to live. I do not know what it would feel like to know this. I would probably wonder why this had to happen. My grandfather can not go home in his final months of life; he was placed in a nursing home on Thanksgiving Day. My grandmother can not take care of him on her own- she says all she can do is pray for him. With my grandfather in mind and the memory of him I do not agree with the legalization of marijuana. 
	I do not feel that marijuana should be legal, but I feel that marijuana’s effects are not as great as alcohol. I do not want alcohol to be illegal, but I feel that it is more lethal then marijuana. Many people abuse alcohol; they believe they can become a different person when under the influence. All alcohol does is make one lose their inhibitions and place one in a situation that they will most likely regret the next day. Marijuana can be used without making a person totally incapable of functioning. I have seen more people pass out or “black out” from alcohol then from marijuana. I have also seen that more people drive when under the influence of marijuana, rather then alcohol, showing that people feel the same or close to the same. Most would not risk getting into a car with a drunk driver, hopefully they would not let a drunk driver in the car seat, but many would not think twice about getting in the car with someone who was high. 
	People are going to make their own choices about the matter of marijuana whether it is legal or not. I believe that Denver took a step in the wrong direction and hopefully other states do not follow in their footsteps. 
