      As a member of the Catholic Church, I do not feel that the church needs to change its ways to adapt to life in the 21st century. I disagree with the cases of pedophilia and agree that they do need to be addressed and dealt with. I do not think that these cases could have been prevented if the church changed or adapted its ways to the 21s century.  
 	To begin, I have been a member of my church since I was born. I went to a private grammar and private high school, both with churches on the property. There would be days that we would dress in our church attire and miss class to attend mass. From the 4th grade to the 12th grade (up until I came to Loyola) I was a member of my parish’s chorus. I was also a lector at the teenage mass on Sundays. Holidays were always a big deal in my family; our holiday dinners and gatherings would be planned around what mass we were going to. I would buy a new outfit to wear for Christmas and Easter, just so I look nice at mass. This is the church I know, I do not need it to change; I like it the way it is. I do not think the church should change because it was created this way and should stay the way it was created to be. I think that the 21st century has destroyed the image of the church and the mass. For my parish in particular, people no longer get “dressed up”, but sometimes come in their “beach” attire after a morning under the sun. People even walk into mass 20 minutes late-I just don’t see the point. People seem to have lost their respect for the sanctity of the church. 
I do not think that the cases of pedophilia could have been prevented. The church could not have known that these people would turn out to do such horrible things. If they did, then they were very wrong in trying to hide this information. I have no sympathy for any of these men that took advantage of boys using their power and situation. 
      I do not believe that priests should be allowed to marry nor should women be able to become priests. These ideas were not involved in the early days of the church-it would just be weird if it were to change. Like the example I gave in the emails with the show “7th Heaven”, seeing Lucy as a reverend seems strange to me. I am accustomed to seeing males as the priest or reverend figure. This may sound old fashion, I am 18 and not old fashion, but concerning the church, I like the things they way they are. 
      If I were immediately affected by the scandals in the church I do not think that my opinion would be any different. I do not think allowing women to become priests would have made a difference; women are just as capable as committing these acts, as are men. And the question for whether a priest should be allowed to get married, well married men have committed acts of pedophilia also. 
      The church has changed its ways, it has become more lenient, it has adapted. 
