	As with any institution that’s been around for a millennium or so, the Catholic Church is inherently resistant to change. That’s a nicer way of saying “conservative.” Because of this, it’s acquired the outward semblance of a frat, a good ol’ boys organization. The hierarchy has the power and money to preserve itself by any means necessary, and frequently the means involves covering up the less tasteful deeds of its rank and file members. A similar principle operates in political machines. That’s not to say that the Church hasn’t done and doesn’t continue to do a great deal of good in the world; rather, that the insular character of the Church as an organization can sometimes promote systems of abuse which remain carefully hidden. 
	Asking the Church to adapt to life in the 21st century, though, is a little like asking a duck-billed platypus to fly the space shuttle. The theological character of the Church is at odds with many aspects of modern life on basic points. Ladies and gentlemen of the court, I present for your edification exhibit A: The Church’s attitude toward homosexuals, or “inherently disordered persons,” as they’ve quaintly come to term them. Most people have come to accept homosexuality as part of everyday life in the 21st century world.  The Catholic Church, however, insists upon seeing it as either the product of bad parenting (often in bizarrely Freudian terms), an “accident” in the gene pool, or just straightforward perversion. While most advocates for gay rights these days do indeed argue that it’s genetic, none of them would apply “accident” as the nominal word of choice. 
	The Church’s views on women, after having had years of spit and polish applied, still look musty in a modern context, too. It’s hierarchy is of a doggedly paternalistic bend. Certainly, there have been many famous nuns and female lay members (Mother Theresa and Dorothy Day, for examples), but these women have wielded little power in the actual operation of the Church. This seems odd, especially in view of the fact that Catholic dogma reiterates repeatedly the idea that men and women were made for each other. If that were so, why are there no female priests? It would seem to lend a good deal more balance to the picture. Maybe balance isn’t the end goal, but I can’t conceive of what else it might be, and it certainly isn’t pedophilia.
	Marriage itself has been a big point of contention with and within the Church for some time now. Priestly marriage was initially banned because social views on inheritance complicated things for Church landholdings; priests with children often tried to bequeath the land to their offspring. This seems like a remarkably un-theological reason for enforced celibacy. These days, it isn’t as though a way around that contingency couldn’t be found with some creativity. Protestant ministers and others have been “ministering to their flocks” for centuries while keeping families at home, and this doesn’t seem to have caused any widespread detriment. But the Church likes to remain static, and so we’ve seen no motion toward the idea of a married priesthood, although, from a sociological standpoint, this would have a good deal of beneficial impact.  
