	Marriage under the law is a civil institution to which all age-eligible U.S. citizens should be entitled. To say that marriage is a sacred institution between a man and women conflates a religious view of it with a secular one, which is not the business of the federal government. There is no good reason I can think of that gay people shouldn’t be allowed to get married. The bias against gay marriage reflects a deeply ingrained homophobia in American culture that we still haven’t rid ourselves of, for no apparent reason. Furthermore, I don’t think that the federal government needs to be mixing in this issue; it will ultimately be determined by the courts anyway.
	Many advocates of gay marriage have already made the point that heterosexual marriages can be loveless, estranged, or even abusive, and these are still fully sanctioned in the U.S. Really, I can’t foresee gay marriages possibly ending in worse terms than some straight ones already do. 
	The sole argument against gay marriage seems to be the one employing that oft-repeated “sacred institution” phrase. It might be a sacred institution in some religious practices, and organized religions are free to ban or accept whatever forms of marriage they want. It isn’t a sacred institution when a couple fills out some paperwork and is granted a marriage license, however, and that’s the only part of the government’s involvement that has any legal ramifications – marriages administered by justices of the peace and others notwithstanding, since they are officiating secular ceremonies. The law doesn’t stop gays from applying for driver’s licenses or gay bar owners from applying for liquor licenses; stopping them from getting a marriage license just does not make sense.
	Anyone who wants to have their relationship status as a married couple sanctioned by the federal government should be able to (with some exceptions for age and a few other factors). Gays are just as likely to have happy, healthy relationships, and even raise and provide good care for adopted children. It should not be the business of the government to go around denying recognition of this.
	I think that there is a generic threatened feeling that most straight males experience when they confront the notion of homosexuality. This could be because of cultural conditioning; in America, the idea of the macho Sylvester Stallone type has a very broad appeal, and that homosexuality endangers this. It could also be a leftover from a hunter-gatherer kind of instinct that details what a man should be on a subconscious level. Whatever it is, men need to get over it. I have mentioned men exclusively here, because it seems to me that women feel less threatened by the idea of lesbianism, for whatever reason. That is not to say that some women do not feel that way, but it seems as though in general this is not the case.
	In the end, state supreme courts will be the ones to decide the issue on a case by case basis. The attempt at an amendment banning gay marriage is self-evidently ludicrous, and isn’t something the Congress should bother with. Hopefully sometime in the near future reason will win out.
