	How do I feel about the war? (Runs outside, yells incoherently at the top of his lungs for several minutes, comes back, sits down). Okay, better now. I’m against it. The United States went to war on false and shifting pretexts to satisfy the twisted policy notions of a foreign-relations-ignorant administration. Case the first: Saddam has ties to Al Queda. False. Case the second: Iraq is developing chemical and biological weapons along with various other WMD’s (all caps to increase the scariness quotient) which pose a huge threat to our country. False. Current Case: Saddam was just a really bad dude and it’s in everybody’s best interest to have him out of power. It was our job to do it since we’re the U.S., and are just generally awesome. Also false, but in a more complicated way.
	This line of logic sets the U.S. up as an international police force which not only can intervene in anything, but is obligated to intervene in any kind of conflict. This might sound like a good idea to some people. The main problem is that it means we don’t necessarily intervene in other country’s best interests, but only what we perceive to be their best interests (which, coincidentally, we usually decide have to be in line with our interests). This line of thinking is only a step above the Bush Doctrine, known as that of “preemptive strike” in the general media. Essentially, this breaks down to mean that the U.S. has the right to attack other countries who may or may not pose a threat to it at a whim, regardless of the larger ramifications to whatever region of the world that country is situated in. The ramifications in Iraq so far have been widespread political, social, and economic instability and unrest. The idea of preemptive strike is probably the single worst foreign policy promulgated by an American administration in the last twenty-five years, or even the last half-century, if one makes a very large exception for the “domino theory” and its entire progeny of policies. It’s probably even a worse idea than that of “mutually assured destruction.” 
	  The war has gone on long enough. The further back one steps from it, the more it looks like Vietnam (Oh no! Taboo analogy!). American troops are battling against a whole slew of splinter groups and radicals who only employ guerrilla tactics with which the military still has trouble contending. Many scholars have made the argument recently that Iraq is so radically destabilized right now because of the American presence. That isn’t just a pretext for “cutting and running,” as the swollen rhetoric of the Bush administration would label it (or at least until they have their next policy meeting and elect a new phrase-of-the-month). Much of the fighting in Iraq happening right now is the work of hyper-nationalist groups operating from one very basic premise: get the Americans out of here. If America pulled out now, the country would stay messy for quite sometime, but if America stays then it will be a mess for even longer. 
