	Of course gender discrimination is still an issue. It would be ludicrous to expect that a society born and bred on millennia of European paternalistic social modes would shed them in under a century. The problem is that examples of discrimination have become harder to recognize; it’s no longer kosher to avoid promoting a female worker or to make overt and unwelcome sexual comments to them (not to say that this doesn’t happen). Gender discrimination has just become a deeply imbedded part of life, instead of a more visible one.
	One could argue that the reason there aren’t as many females in high-level corporate or political roles is that there aren’t many clamoring for the positions. There is some truth to this, at least in the political realm; there simply aren’t as many female candidates as there are males. But a more truthful outlook asks another question: why not? Despite the advances made by the feminist movement, we still live in a society in which a female’s role is predetermined to involve child-rearing and, to some extent, housekeeping, although I think the latter has shifted a fair amount within the last quarter-century. More women are leaving their homes for the workplace, but this is often greeted with a kind of lukewarm encouragement from certain portions of the political and social spectrum, and sometimes snarling discouragement (anyone remember Rick Santorum’s remarks to this effect? We should all be thankful that he’s out of a job now). In the eyes of many people, the equality between genders exists in name only. For example, ponder whether or not the government will consider reinstating the draft anytime soon. Answer: nope. They’d have to wrestle with the question of whether to draft women, and no politician wants to touch that issue with a thirty-nine and a half foot pole.
	On the flipside, men sometimes receive backlash from the phenomena known as “reverse discrimination.” It occasionally happens that the perceived need to promote female employees on the part of managers and otherwise could result in qualified males being ignored. Much the same argument is made in regards to race. While I don’t have statistics sitting here in front of me, I can’t imagine that this would be a large portion of the working male population though, and probably actually involves very few (think “the fingers on my two hands”).
	What we do about gender discrimination is a complicated question. There are a lot of possible answers. First should be our language, I think. It sounds absurd, but male-oriented linguistic formations help shape the way we understand and order reality. Here’s a smattering of examples: the ubiquitous use of phrase such as “mankind” or “man” to describe all of humanity, the preference for male pronouns when referring to non-specific persons or person in hypothetical situations, and the bizarre attribution of female gender to thoroughly unsexed objects (ships, for example). Another route to go is the old tried ‘n true method of education. People need to be taught about gender differences and similarities so that they don’t go around building absurd notions based upon faulty foundations. This won’t take care of the issue, but it won’t take care of itself, either.
