	Saying that students have rights that need to be protected is like saying that the sky is blue. Young people have the same rights granted under the constitution that adults (in most cases anyway; drinking, voting, and some financial concerns being different). These rights aren’t shed at the schoolhouse gate, as one Supreme Court Justice noted. This doesn’t mean that administrators can’t take reasonable precautions to ensure the safety of the entire student body, though. 
	Another major issue of concern is that of the nature of the internet itself, which is one that American courts will be increasingly forced to confront in the next decade. Questions of whether the internet a completely public forum, how much personal information can be considered protected, as well as other issues related to copyright, fair use, and financial dealings all will need to answered more explicitly.
	In this particular case, however, I think tat school administrators acted within reason. Myspace is an open forum. Placing information there is like tacking a note up on a billboard. To expect that someone out in Wichita can post information on it and that someone else in Bangladesh doesn’t have the right or the ability to access that information is ludicrous. The student who exposed his plans in such an obviously public place had it coming; to do something like that can only be labeled sheer stupidity. There are ways to post private information on the web that only one’s friends and other pre-approved persons can access, and Myspace is just not one of them. In fact, it is an internet phenomenon that encourages voyeurism, in every sense of the word. Parents should be glad that school administrators are checking out their kids myspace pages, and not forty-year-old pedophiles (and hope that administrators don’t fit both classifications...).
	The line administrators should draw needs to make the medium of communication its primary focus. Posting on a public forum, announcing things in the lunchroom, and hanging banners in the hallway are all forms of communication that administrators can, and sometimes should, check. Writing in private online journal (which Myspace isn’t), sending e-mails to friends, and phoning other people are not acceptable forms for them to check. The difference lies in what can reasonably be considered a public form of communication. If I call down the hallway to my friend Bob, who’s at his locker, that I’ve contracted mono, syphilis, or something else I would reasonably want to keep to myself, then I can’t prevent others from hearing. But if I call Bob and explain it to him, then there’s no way another person has the right to overhear it. The same holds true for the internet, despite it being written down instead of spoken. If I go to an on-line forum and post, “I think I’m going to wake up tomorrow, eat breakfast, and then go slaughter sixteen people and several small dogs,” then of course I’m going to b arrested. That would be the equivalent of me shouting it at school football game. Common sense is always a must.
