	Marijuana is one of those things that’s still stigmatized for few legitimate reasons, and most of the reasons people feel a certain way about it are also true of alcohol. One huge, bone-crushingly important, monumental difference between the two is this: the government can and does effectively tax the manufacture and distribution of alcohol (and tobacco, for that matter). Denver has taken a step in the right direction, and maybe the only step that needs to be taken. Since people are given permission to carry only small quantities, theoretically this still legislates against large-scale wheeling and dealing while preventing cops from having to divert time and attention to minor drug busts, which are often a waste of resources. 
	Harsh laws against marijuana indirectly place a major strain upon the law courts and prison systems, since they’re forced to deal with every trifling case of possession or distribution that comes through. The resources could be better spent elsewhere, like stopping the influx of harder drugs into the U.S., or locating meth labs. It should still be a crime to carry and sell pounds of marijuana, but I’d guess that these kinds of cases make up a very small percentage of the total number. 
	Other drugs have risen and fallen in popularity, but marijuana has been a consistent favorite of people of all ages and backgrounds. The government is wasting its time trying to eradicate its usage, as though getting rid of pot will solve some of society’s major ills. It’s a mind-altering substance in the same way alcohol is, and last time I heard statistics cited, the number of people killed by drunk drivers was astronomically higher than the number killed those who drive while high. Also, I’ve never heard of any “angry stoners”, but there are a lot of angry and abusive drunks.
	I’m not advocating marijuana usage as necessarily being a good idea, but there are a lot worse ones. As with most things, it’s not that harmful in moderation; in fact, the smoke is much cleaner than that of most commercial cigarettes. The problem is that it’s stereotyped as the gateway drug of choice of all manner of social degenerates, subversives, and general ne’er-do-wells. Oh, and young people. People frequently use it in excess, of course, but the exact same could be said for Loyola students who start going to bars on Wednesday and Thursday nights during the school week.
	Eventually, the government is going to have to confront the issue head-on, and that will be a political spectacle worth watching. Just imagine expert witnesses brought before Congress in order to testify on the nature of marijuana smoking. C-SPAN’s ratings will soar. But that’s besides the point. The point is that usage of drugs like marijuana, alcohol, and tobacco is ultimately one of personal volition and responsibility. If the negative effects of the latter two are minimal enough that we permit their widespread usage, there’s no viable reason the former shouldn’t be allowed as well. 
