I’m actually in the middle on this subject. I do believe that the Catholic Church does need to change it ways to be more accepting of all walks of life and not just some. Especially on topics like homosexuality and transgender relationships. Its hard for me to really listen to Catholic priests because I find them to be so superficial. Its like they say it’s a sin to do everything: to watch to much TV, to engage in sexual acts before marriage. I mean leave people alone its there life. Instead of trying to change people they need to look at themselves. Very few young people actually truly side Catholicism. It’s usually just a lot of old people. If the Catholic Church doesn’t get up to date with the teachings and they way they reach people they are going to lose a lot of young people to other religions or other harsher realities like drugs, and gang violence. 
Throughout my college career I have turned to God more than I ever have in my enter life. I went through a phase where I was fed up with the Bible, not necessarily God but of the teachings in the Bible. And that was because I had went to Catholic elementary school where the image I had of God was this domineering person who got mad at you when you did things wrong. And knowingly let bad things happen to you. Through college and with the help of my friends I have come to see God as friend, a non-judgmental friend. You can go to him when you have a problem and don’t have to worry about him yelling at you or belittling you. I can describe an experience in which I was I got in trouble at school and was about to receive serious consequences. I went into the Loyola Chapel and just cried and as I cried its like I felt a burden being lifted. I felt at that moment God was there taking in all of my sorrows and telling me to life my head up. Moreover, it was partly because of the Catholic Church that I felt that I couldn’t go to God and he wouldn’t accept me for all my flaws. 
Many people have said that there are Ten Commandments but one commandment is above everything else; to love each other as Jesus has loved you. If the Catholic Church turned to that commandment and began to teach about that commandment; about God’s undying love for each of us, I believe people would stop having such a negative attitude towards the Catholic Church.
As for their traditions of priests not being able to marry, well I believe they should keep it that way because of the reasoning behind it. Well I’m not sure of the theological reasoning but the reasoning I came up with is because it is in a human being’s nature to have sexual yearnings I believe that it is through Jesus that priests must pray to overcome that yearning. The sexual urge can be very strong so I believe that as priests continually turn to God to overcome that urge their bond becomes stronger.  


