My big question would be: for what? Why did Denver decide to do this? I mean is it for medical reasons or are they going to be selling “dime bags” at the pharmacy? If marijuana is used for medical reasons to alleviate pain for example during a cancer patient’s chemotherapy then I would say yes this is a good thing. But if they were legalizing marijuana as a way to stop children from buying them then I would say that the state didn’t work hard enough to help children choose a different route. Legalizing marijuana would stop children from buying it as much because I would be tapping into the fact that people want what they can’t have. 

Marijuana should be legalized if it were used to help people that were in pain. But that’s the only way I feel it necessary to legalize it. If they were to legalize as a way to decrease the demand then that may lead to legalizing other drugs like cocaine or ecstasy to decrease demand. Either way you look at it marijuana is still a drug so it’s not right to legalize it. But what about alcohol isn’t alcohol a drug? Or can’t it lead to it being a drug? Why don’t we make alcohol illegal then? I digress, but my point is that we should only legalize marijuana if truly necessary. 

Marijuana’s effects are not similar enough to alcohol so as to legalize it. Well actually from what I have seen marijuana is actually a lot to legalize than alcohol because people who are “high” usually just sit and don’t do much. Unlike alcohol where a lot of people usually get really reckless, they are the ones who get in car accidents and say things they didn’t mean all for a good time. You really don’t hear of many people smoking weed to get more social able it’s usually to get relax. 

As I continually think about this I have come to the conclusion that they should only legalize marijuana if it will help sick people. Other than that they have no logical reason to legalize marijuana. Marijuana takes away from the lives of young kids who are swooped up into the gang life and killed all for some weed. Its not worth it and especially not worth the lives of innocent people who die from drive by shootings. Marijuana although it isn’t dangerous physically it is dangerous to the people that use it and even to the people that don’t. 
