What does invading privacy even mean? Does it mean that school officials can look at your myspace page and they can ask you questions about it in school? Or is it just as simple as sitting in front of your computer screen reading a stranger’s face book wall? I think before one can judge when the school officials can invade someone’s privacy they must distinguish what is privacy? What’s private versus non private? What does invading mean? Frankly invading can mean something as serious as invading someone’s house or discreetly listening in on someone’s conversation.  
Personally I feel that invading privacy can be mix of all the things previously mentioned. In this case I feel that school officials are going to look at myspace and facebook regardless of whether they are in school or not because of them probably have on anyway. I believe that it is fine to look at a student’s facebook or myspace page as long as they don’t act on anything unless someone is in danger. Moreover I believe that this was an invasion of privacy. The school officials just stopped what potentially could have been a deadly school shooting. I think that where they should draw the line: on life and death situations. If students are just trying to express themselves in there own way then no I say the school officials should just leave the students alone. But when it comes down to innocent children dying as a result of some demented child who wants to take his personal problems out on people, then I would say that the school officials are allowed to take action here. When I was in high school, three girls where asked to withdraw because of pictures they posted on face book in they displayed girl-on-girl action in the school’s bathroom facilities. My high school was a girl’s catholic high school which some would think would give them reason to ask the girls to withdraw but I don’t think so. I believe that action between girls like the way they posed is totally normal. If you think about isn’t that a characteristic that is unique to girls; we are more friendly, more sexual with our friends than boys are. But I digress, the main point is that I believe in that instance the school was using the face that the internet is a big free-for-all to incriminate the girls. 
I feel that school officials should draw the line at life and death situations. They should not interfere with students and their natural want to express themselves. Although the internet isn’t the safest place to express their feelings; it still gives kids a place to say what’s on their minds and not bottle it up inside. 
However, kids need to realize that the places like myspace are open to the public. I think that they think because it has there name on it and they are the ones controlling it that they are the only ones looking at it, however naïve that may be. Kids should understand that the World Wide Web in public domain and anyone can read their “personal” business. 

