I believe that gender discrimination still exists towards men in that they are still looked down upon when they consider low key roles like being a stay at home dad or a nurse. For example in the movie Meet the Parents on the character’s Gaylord Fauker was constantly made fun of by her fiancée’s father because he was a nurse. I believe that men will never get out of the role of being the one that in authority, take a look at our world today there are constant examples of males in power: the Pope, and even the president up until next year’s candidate. 
Gender discrimination is a mindset, and the world even today is still stuck in the mentality that woman aren’t supposed to be leaders and men are. It’s a mindset that subordinates women just because we are more sensitive about others. Society sets us as being missionaries, housewives, nurses, models, and even porn stars; these are traditional female roles, and although some men choose to occupy them they are deemed the ones who aren’t “man enough” to occupy leadership roles. 
Gender discrimination still takes place in the workplace and in our society as a whole. If you look in magazines or in advertisements, women are always held by men or the men are always protecting the women. If a woman is holding a man or caressing a man it is seen as dominating and the man as being a punk. 
The I Love New York 2 series is breaking this standard. No longer is a woman looking for a man who is going to stand up to his wife and be the head of the household. New York is looking for “her wife” someone to have dinner on the table for her when she comes home. When I heard her say this I was stunned because honestly I was like “what self-respecting man want to be called his wife’s wife”? Why does our society think this? Why was this my initial reaction instead nothing like it would have been had I heard a man say this? Once again I believe it was because of our society, our society engrains in us than the man should be the protector even if he is in subordinate position like a housedad or a secretary. 
From previous discussions with my friends who are adamant about our gender discriminations problems in our world today, I remembered them saying that women make less than men in corporate industries. I was at first totally oblivious to this notion but apparently it is still something that goes on to this day. I often think about situations like this in our world were we recognize something bad going on, now the next step is what do we to prevent it. The U.S. tries to make laws about it but there are always ways around laws. And if the woman speaks up she may be harassed at work. So if we recognize all these problems with the workplace how do we fix it so that the workplace can be a fair and just place where everyone can receive equal opportunities. 

