Honestly, the War in Iraq has become old news. This idea of going into Iraq and hurting them for what they had to the Americans was good right after 9/11 when everyone’s emotions were going hay wire. But now its overdone. War in Iraq who? I do think that they should make a decision about if they are going to being the troops back to the U.S. I haven’t heard about anything constructive that they war is doing. 
I believe that the U.S. is trying to make Iraq a middle-eastern-U.S. they want them to establish a democracy just like us. I do remember hearing the U.S. give Iraq a time limit on coming up with a constitution. That I feel is wrong, I mean look how long it took for the U.S. to come up with our constitution. The U.S. is pressuring Iraq and trying to turn it into something its not. Although I don’t agree with the brutality, lack of education, and subordination of women in Iraq, the U.S. has got to realize that there are years of tradition there that they are trying to break down in just a few years. No one is going to give that up, that what how Iraq was established. I guess you can say I’m hoping for the best of both worlds. I do want the U.S. troops to come home because they are members of families that miss them and don’t want anymore of them to die but look what President Bush did. He went into an already unstable country and left it even more unstable, with no schools, and no resources. They also left a sense of fear in the Iraqis, you see on the news children with guns fighting for some cause, and even women carry guns. Although that was probably there before we got there, I feel that it has increased because of our appearance in Iraq.
Also with the removal of the troops comes more hatred towards the U.S., which scares me as a citizen. Moreover, I feel that the U.S. should stay in Iraq and develop some type of friendship or alliance between the two nations. Because I don’t want to see Iraq go down hill from here and I don’t want to see them to any more terrorist acts towards them. I have heard that Bush’s main worry is large amounts of oil that we would gain either by colonizing Iraq or by having an alliance with them. Once again I believe Bush has his own interests at heart, he needs to regain focus on the Iraqis and stop thinking so big. 
