I think that although either side is entitled to their opinion the overall idea is that there are American citizens who chose to love people in a nontraditional way, and are chastised for it. For people, like me who are for gay marriage I believe that homosexuals should be offered the same rights as heterosexuals because I feel that if they are feeling the same thing that I feel when I say I am in love with a man and are held back from taking the next step of marriage then its unfair. I also believe that we have to keep fighting for gay marriage because never in American history is something ever truly remembered and recognized if there wasn’t a struggle. Also its understandable, the opposition, because our society was built on heterosexual relationships, and for many this style of living is very weird, and different. What makes accepting homosexual relationships so difficult for some people is the sexual freedom, homosexuals can have sex with whomever they please and never get pregnant. I know from my friends that are homosexual that sometimes I feel the same way that people who oppose gay marriages feel because many of my friends have sex with their best friend’s partner like if its nothing and it’s something that should be expected because they are gay. So sometimes I understand where the opposition comes from because who would to legalize a sex free-for-all? However, I do believe that once homosexuals work out their kinks then people would be more receptive and vote to have gay marriages legalized.  

President Bush needs to stop worrying about this small problem. No one is dying, no families are being left without a home, and no children are running around with guns, from homosexuality. But he has innocent Iraqis who aren’t for his never-declared-war being homeless and killed from the anger that other Iraqis have toward the U.S. If I remember correctly from my government class isn’t it up to the states to declare legalization of gay marriage before the federal government gets involved? Once again I believe that the federal government has bigger issues than this. 

President Bush is allowing his personal opinion to take precedent over society’s needs. Legalizing homosexual will not hurt anyone, so why is this such a huge deal in our society. I believe that President Bush is pushing this problem as a scapegoat for dealing with the bigger problems. The U.S. has bigger problems like there huge debt and the fact that many children die because they don’t have health care, but yet he wants to meddle in the lives of people who are different then him. 
