	I think that gender discrimination is an ongoing issue in the United States.  While it’s being shown that we are slowly improving this, there is still much room in which we can eliminate discrimination.  Statistics even today show that women make lower wages than men do in many companies.  Some places this difference is really subtle, but in others the gaps are much more apparent.  Just the fact that employers must show their employees videos about sexual harassment and gender discrimination proves the existence of many places in which this discrimination is still existing today.
	I feel that this is a continuing idea of an outdated mindset that women are inferior to men and their place is in the home rather than in the business.  This mindset not only restricts the rights of other human beings, but also slows down progress that could be made by having women do the same jobs as men.  The job market is not even the biggest source of discrimination of women.  A lot of this discrimination comes from in the home or even just at social gatherings.  Many families assign roles based on gender.  The man will mow the lawn, fix broken appliances, etc while the woman does the grocery shopping, cleans, and does the cooking.  While this is not true in all families, it is in many.  A child growing up in one of these families will assume that this is the way it is supposed to be and in turn become discriminatory, even if not intentional.
	The best way to work on getting rid of discrimination in the workplace and at home is for women to show that they can do all of the same things as men, and for men to learn to accept change.  This should not be a forceful thing, but more of a mutual issue that should be solved.  The use of force may solve the problems revolving around earnings and jobs held in the house, but will only increase tensions.  This in the long run will only lead to make the situation worse and in reality, nothing will be solved.  However, if both sides can stoop down to the same level, neither will be able to overpower the other and eventually change will make way.
	While gender related jokes can get you a good chuckle sometimes, it is best to try to get rid of these.  Though the message is supposed to be “out of the loop” and only meant to be funny, it also plants stereotypes in your mind.  So all in all, the best ways to get rid of gender discrimination would be for men and women alike to begin ignoring these jokes and stereotypes.  After the stereotypes have been eliminated from both men and women, both sides can begin to progress to a more efficient non-discriminatory society.  Women will get more jobs and men will learn not to question this, wages will level out for both genders and soon enough these will even apply to the household.
