	I personally believe that the possession and use of marijuana should be legal to certain extents.  I feel that age would be one limitation that they would need to place on it, just like alcohol.  It would only make sense considering both tobacco and alcohol have age restrictions.  Though the age would have to be debated about, there still needs to be some kind of limitations so that minors (who may be ignorant to its effects) are not allowed to get their hands on it and ruin themselves.
	Marijuana’s effects are very minimal compared to alcohol and are not nearly as dangerous and life threatening.  The only times the use of marijuana can become fatal are if the user has a serious heart problem or consumes up to 2 pounds of it.  The lethal dose of marijuana’s active ingredient (THC) is far unreachable even by some of the most frequent and avid of smokers.  Alcohol on the other hand can very quickly become fatal.  We have all heard about cases of someone giving themselves alcohol poisoning.  This can occur with a very minimal amount of alcohol or a very grand amount of alcohol depending on the tolerance of the user.  While in many situations like this the user can recover after a visit to the hospital and an unpleasant charcoal smoothie, sometimes this can turn into a fatal incident.  It is not often that you see someone sent to the emergency room for smoking too much marijuana.
	Marijuana also has much fewer inhibiting effects than alcohol does when ingested. Vision is not so much distorted and the person actually becomes more cautious and aware of their surroundings.  Those on a marijuana high do not overestimate their own abilities, but in fact have a tendency to believe that they are capable of doing less and therefore avoid situations such as driving or walking through a bad neighborhood.  Alcohol on the other hand helps to boost a person’s ego, making them feel invincible.  They believe that they can do anything, even drive.  This will cause them to make some of the bad decisions that someone who has just smoked marijuana would not.  While those who are drunken worry more about themselves and whether or not they are going to get laid that night, those who are high worry more about whether they made it back to the couch in time to catch the Animal Planet special on chimpanzees.
	While compared to alcohol, marijuana is virtually harmless.  It also has a lot fewer damaging effects on the body.  Alcohol can cause massive damage to the liver and brain.  While it can be argued that marijuana has negative effects on the lungs and brain, studies have started to show that marijuana use can prevent cancerous tumors in the lungs and can even stimulate brain cell growth.  Comparing the two cannot be a valid argument, however, because the only reason alcohol is legal is because of the fight against prohibition.  Though, it is apparent that marijuana is a much safer alternative and really doesn’t have much to argue against it.  As with the gay marriage situation, many people fight the legalization of marijuana because of their moral standpoint.
