	I don’t feel that the Catholic Church needs to change if it does not want to.  The beliefs within the Catholic Church are their beliefs and it is not up to anybody but themselves to decide whether to change their ways or not.  Though I feel it would be nice if they were to become more open about certain issues (allowing female priests, allowing gay marriage, etc) I don’t feel that it is in my power, public power, or the governments power to force them to change.  This would be no different than them forcing their beliefs on everybody else.
	The whole ordeal with pedophilia within the Catholic Church has been restricted to only several locations and people tend to make a bigger deal out of it than it actually is.  There is pedophilia in many more places than the Catholic Church and people only see it as a big deal there because priests are supposed to be moral teachers to those who attend the church.  In order to deal with this issue it would be best if they were to get background checks on who is becoming a priest and determine their real motive.  Most priests and members of the Catholic Church frown upon this behavior and see it as a disgrace.
	While some of the views held within the Catholic Church are outdated, nobody should force them to flow with the sands of time.  If part of their belief system relies on following works of the past, then so be it.  As long as they allow me to go about my own personal business, I have no problem with allowing them to go about theirs.  They disagree with what I believe and I may disagree with what they believe.  That is how our society functions.  It is not a “one way” nation.  Freedom is what allows us to keep our same views, even if they are the same views that we’ve had for centuries and it is what allows us to change our views, even if it goes against the grain.
	I don’t think that anything can really be done to prevent cases of pedophilia or any other kind of church corruption since this is all reliant on the person.  Whether it be those who are in charge of the church or the priest themselves, what happens relies on them and it is up for the people of the church to speak up against it, not someone who is not a member.  For example: I am not an employee of a McDonalds, therefore I have no right to rise up against the McDonalds manager and try to bring him down.  Granted, changes could be made for the better of the employees, I would not have a full blown knowledge of the entire situation.
	This is not to say that what is going on is right.  By no means is it right to allow this to take place.  That is why we have the court system, where religion is forgotten and the law is brought in.  Separation of church and state does not protect crime.
