	First off, I don’t feel that this issue was a matter of invasion of privacy, but more of an issue of noble cause.  The person who posted the bulletin obviously wanted someone to see it and probably wasn’t thinking of the consequences of doing so.  They posted the bulletin on a public server and allowed at least some of their friends to see this.  In doing so they threw out any claim they could possibly have that this was an invasion of privacy and deserve what they got not only for their cause but also for their lack of consideration of where they were putting this information.
	However, I do believe that there are many areas that the school officials should learn to draw the lines on the issue of privacy.  When it comes to issues of security like the one mentioned in the question, schools have every right to question the student involved.  The only complication in this could arise about their methods to find this information.  If it is written in a notebook in the student’s private bedroom and the school requires the parents to do a random search based on how the student behaves or dresses, then the issue of privacy comes into play.  If it is posted on an online server that can be accessed by many people, privacy is not an issue.
	I guess the line really needs to be drawn on when schools begin to assume the worst based off of minor things such as dress.  Different styles provoke different judgments of people.  There are trends such as “emo” and “gothic” that really include just a bunch of kids who share similar tastes in music, art, etc, and only dress that way to draw attention to them or make others see them as different.  It’s been my personal experience (from an event that happened several years ago), that the ones that are truly hiding some of these qualities can be the most normal looking people.  Searching people or questioning people for these reasons alone is an invasion of privacy and not much better than searching or questioning them because of the color of their skin.
	School officials need to learn to make it their business to find true signs that someone may be thinking about going on a rampage rather than rummaging through that students hobbies and favorite bands, violating them on the basis of their appearance and taste.  This will not only prevent intrusions on that student’s privacy, but also help to root out possible threats to the safety of other students.
	The real issue of privacy comes down to when the school assumes that they know too much about a particular type of person and goes into their business for that reason alone.  Any threat that is posted somewhere that multiple people can read about it can and should be silenced.  Since the use of a public server was used to host the message, the student really has no claim that the school taking action is an invasion of privacy.
