	I think that both sides are wrong when approaching the issue of gay marriage.  I feel that it is not up to the state or federal government to make a decision on this issue.  While some will argue that they are just trying to get a deduction on their taxes, they do not provide any legitimate reasons as to why they shouldn’t be able to just because they are married to someone of the same sex.  Allowing homosexuals to marry wouldn’t have any negative impact on the economy since taxes remain gender unspecific.  However, it would also be wrong to force all churches to allow gay marriage.  Some branches of a certain faith would be forced to go against their own beliefs for the appeasement of others.  These churches should be allowed to practice what they believe without the interference of the government just as much as those who wish to legalize gay marriage.
	Some may bring up the moral issues with homosexual marriage.  The idea of homosexual marriage may be against their beliefs, but just because that is so, doesn’t mean that everyone is against it.  Trying to enforce this idea onto others would just be like using coercive methods to get everybody to believe in God.  I consider myself agnostic and find no fault in allowing homosexuals to marry.  However, it is not up to the government to decide whether homosexuals be allowed to marry or not allowed.
	This decision is solely up to the church in which the couple is being married.  The idea of “separation of church and state” has been well known and instituted throughout generations, and it is not the time to start crossing the lines.  If it were up to me I would not allow any kind of marriage to be able to satisfy some kind of tax deduction.  This could be done through other sort of methods (such as the idea of Civil-Unions).
	President Bush has no right (according to the already existing U.S. constitution) to impose this new amendment.  The governments powers do not extend this far and they shouldn’t try to do so.  I feel that this is an act of tyranny, an attack on the restrictions given to the federal government when this document was written.  There is no way to say that this is a fair idea for an amendment without backing it with your personal religious opinions or sexual biases.   There is no clear evidence that this would have a negative impact on anything other than those who oppose it.  What gets done in the government should be what is in the interest of its citizen’s rights and its own limitations, not in the public interest.  The movement to make this an amendment is a fine example of our government moving towards a neo-conservative administration.
	It is not up for the government to decide upon this issue, it is only up to the church.  Through separation of church and state, President Bush’s proposal for a new amendment is illegal.  I can’t forget to mention that if passed, this would be the first amendment that restricted the people rather than the government.
