	The War in Iraq is a really tough subject to come to a conclusion on.  I do believe that this is an unjust and unnecessary war, but sadly the decision was made to deploy troops and now we are stuck there until the job is complete.  We have torn apart their government (hopefully for the better) but in the whole run, we have also torn apart their society.  Civil war has only begun in Iraq and we will probably see it continue and possibly overthrow any type of order that we may put in place there.
	With this said, I guess it can be determined that I feel that the war has gone on long enough, and I would love to have all of the troops pulled out safely.  However, if this were done we’d be creating more problems than we’ve solved (if that hasn’t been done already).  Any type of government currently in place would easily be torn down at a much higher pace than it was created.  For this reason we must keep our troops in there to maintain stability.  If we were to withdraw at this point in time there would also be many more civilian casualties due to national feuds that exist in Iraq.
	One thing that I highly do not agree with is the United States government sending more and more troops overseas to help fight.  There have been relatively few casualties on our own side, deploying more troops just seems like an attempt to “show our power.”  However, all that it is doing is putting more lives in danger than are needed.  This operation can be accomplished, or come closer to being accomplished with the current amount of troops that we have deployed.  Setting up a government should not be force based (the approach that George W. Bush has gone at it), but more of a deliberated issue so that both sides can remain somewhat satisfied in the end.
	I guess with all of this said, if I had to choose one way or the other, I would choose for the war to end and deliberation to begin.  This way we could work with the Iraqi citizens to form a government that would not show support or opposition to one side or the other (Shiite or Sunni).  This government would need to be a neutral central power that could resolve the issues between both sides through words rather than violence.  The United States government is looking at this through the wrong eyes.  They are assuming that unless we use guns and bombs, nothing will ever be solved.  They are seeing the citizens of Iraq as dogs that need to be tamed rather than people who have free thinking minds that can help decide on issues themselves.  I’m sure that if given a choice, over 90 percent of the citizens there would choose peaceful deliberation over violence.  However, because our government does not see it that way, the war continues and more troops are continuously deployed.
