      For the first time in the 230 year history of the United States of America, a woman is Speaker of the House (though the both the House and Senate are still mostly made up of men).  Condaleezza Rice is only the second female secretary of state in that same amount of time.  And of course a woman has never been President or Vice President.  If our government, the most powerful institution in the country, is still dominated by men, how can any U.S. citizen deny that gender discrimination is still a very real problem in American society?
	The political arena is not the only career that lacks female representation.  When I was younger, and often thinking about becoming an astronaut or a Broadway star, my dad used to tell me, “just don’t think about becoming an engineer.”  Though said in jest, his comment was actually quite critical of his field for the way it treats women.  He made the observation of how difficult it was for women to acquire positions of power and responsibility.  In general, men still on average make more money per hour than women who do the same job.  A drastic example of this wage disparity is found in professional tennis, where the amount of prize money for men is much greater than the amount of prize money for women
	The continued presence of gender discrimination against women in the workplace is a very real problem that still needs to be dealt with.  However, there other areas of life, it seems like gender discrimination has developed in the opposite direction.  I read an article in Time magazine last year about the disadvantages faced by boys in the American educational system.  If I read an article about gender discrimination fifteen, maybe even ten years ago, it would surely be about the disadvantages faced by young girls.  But it seems that in an attempt to correct the neglect directed towards these girls, school systems and individual teachers have overcompensated, becoming so focused on the girls that they no longer pay attention to the boys and their particular educational needs.  More boys, who often seek attention, become the class clowns.  The girls always performed much better academically in my elementary school.  If nothing else, the gender statistics on college attendance should be a great indication of some kind of gender discrimination.  Here at Loyola College, the population is at least 60% female.  
	It is impossible to completely eradicate any kind of discrimination from American society, because there will always be at least one individual who makes judgments based on a person’s gender or their race.  But it is very possible to improve the situation further in the U.S., and the only way to do this is to first acknowledge that a problem still exists.  Then the government must work harder to enforce laws against discrimination and make harsher the punishments for breaking those laws.  When dealing with the educational system, the administration needs to more closely monitor the classroom methods of its teachers.
