      It’s difficult for someone of my limited knowledge to come to a decisive conclusion about the use of marijuana.  The nature and effects of alcohol are more frequently addressed and explained for public knowledge than those of other narcotics.  Before my first semester at Loyola started, I was required to complete a three hour course of alcohol education.  This course included several tests and surveys.  I was never informed about the possible damaging effects of marijuana, although I can say from experience that its illegal usage certainly rivals the illegal consumption of alcohol.  In the process of deciding on the legality of marijuana, it is helpful to examine the nature and the effects of other legal substances such as alcohol and cigarettes.  
      Several scientific studies have proven that alcohol, when consumed in a moderate fashion, can be beneficial to one’s health.  Doctors have found that marijuana has certain health benefits as well.  It helps relieve pain for patients who suffer from such chronic diseases as multiple sclerosis.  Despite the advantages of medicinal use, I do not know of any positive effects that marijuana may have on a typical, relatively healthy person.  I do, however, remember reading an article in Time magazine about the detriments it poses to such a person’s health.  Marijuana can impair the cognitive memory and cause damage to short-term memory.  And of course, smoking in general, whether it is cigarettes or marijuana, harms the lungs.  
      Cigarettes continue to be legal for those over a certain age even after years of research and countless studies have revealed their extremely harmful effects.  I will not list all of them here but the most detrimental to a smoker’s health is the high risk of developing lung cancer.  And in the worst cases, the cancer kills them.  Unlike alcohol, cigarettes posses no redeeming health benefits when consumed in moderation.  Marijuana shares this lack, so is it unfair that marijuana is illegal while smoking is not?
      There are many who claim that the legalization of marijuana, according to strict distribution and consumption laws, would help to combat illegal drug trafficking.  This is a naïve viewpoint to take.  If the production and sale of marijuana is removed from the hands of drug traffickers (which will be a difficult task in itself), there are a myriad of other drugs for them to choose from.  The only way that the government has a chance of ending the trafficking of illegal drugs is to make all narcotics legal.
      I can understand the reasons why people think that marijuana should not be illegal.  But I am not aware of any valid reasons why people think that marijuana should be legal.  The recreational use of marijuana offers not health benefits but definite health hazards.  Not only does marijuana threaten the health of the user, but its effects on the user may directly affect others in negative ways as well.



