      The history of the Catholic Church is a history of criticism and scandal.  For many years, Catholic officials used their power to stifle the creativity and scientific research of the time.  Today the Church is no longer an enemy of learning, but a critical observer of the ways in which we use new knowledge.  As science and technology advance at an astronomic pace, is it not the role of religious institutions to remain steadfast to faith, to remain a stable presence in the otherwise fickle lives of its believers?  
      The Catholic Church takes many positions on current issues that many people oppose.  For example, it is against abortion and the death penalty, a position that I completely agree.  The Catholic Church advocates the rights of human beings, most importantly their right to live, at every stage of that life.  The Church often goes beyond a defense based on Christian beliefs, and explains its position in terms of the contemporary, material world that we live in.  For example, the Church informs people of the fact that it costs more to execute a criminal than to imprison him for life.  It also tries to educate people about the gross injustice that plagues the criminal justice system.  Statistics show that a majority of the criminals put to death are poor and members of a minority.  These are the people that don’t have the big bucks to pay big-shot attorneys and afford appeal after appeal after appeal.
      A substantial amount of members of the Catholic Church desire changes in the hierarchal power structure that governs the Church as an institution.  Like most other institutions before the feminist movement, the Catholic Church is ruled by men.  Only men are allowed to become priests, bishops, cardinals, and of course, pope.  Men who belong to these vocations are not allowed to marry (although, there are very rare cases in which a married Protestant minister desires to convert to Catholicism and becomes a priest, and he is allowed to do so as a married man).  However, in terms of everyday life and function of the Church, it can be argued that women play an equal if not greater role than men.  Because there is such a lack of men entering the priesthood, the responsibility of the lay people in each parish has greatly increased.  Here women can exercise a certain amount of authority.  Yet, I can’t help but wonder if the priesthood would be so lacking if it were opened up to women.  And the child molestation scandal would certainly have been discovered and dealt with much sooner.  Because the problem was not only the pedophiles, but the priests who kept their secrets.  I find it very hard to believe that any women would stay silent amidst such behavior.
	Religious doctrines and tenets of one’s faith are elements of one’s life that are supposed to remain as a constant.  They are supposed to be integral part of their believers, and serve to guide them in their observations of the world and their experiences in it.  However, the Church as an institution, a creation of society, should be open to change as the society in which it operates grows and develops.  We have become a society which more and more recognizes the equal rights of women and values their talents and capabilities.  Maybe it’s time the Catholic Church did the same. 
