	The ever-advancing technology of the 21st century raises many questions about the issue of privacy.  Essential to any debate over privacy rights is the knowledge that most modern means of communication are not secure.  The World Wide Web and all its information is accessible to anyone.  Whatever is posted on websites like Myspace or Facebook is no longer private material.  Users are warned that even their emails and instant messages are accessible to others.  Teachers have the same right as anyone else to browse the web, and therefore looking at a student’s myspace page is not an invasion of privacy.  
	People who create web accounts with sites like myspace are informed of the accessibility of the site, and the publishers of the site require that its patrons acknowledge and accept this fact.  If students fail to take into account the possibility of parents or teachers seeing the information that they post, it the students’ own fault.  
      One of a school’s top priorities is the safety of its students.  The faculty and administration must take care to observe and acknowledge any threats to that safety.  As a student, personal privacy is much less important than general safety.  This is why school officials have the right to search desks and lockers.  All suspicions, accusations, and threats must be thoroughly investigated.  Too much violence has taken place at schools in recent years.  School is supposed to be a safe haven for children, a place where they can feel free to grow and learn.  Students cannot feel this way if they live in fear.
      Not only is safety a top priority, but personal development of the students is very important as well.  Obviously if children are exhibiting violent tendencies, there are some problems in their life and issues that need to be worked out, and may require the experienced help of teachers and counselors.  My mother works in an elementary school in my town.  She told me about an incident that involved several seventh graders and information posted on myspace.  These students had formed a hate group targeting another student in the class.  The principal found out about it, and the students responsible for creating the group were reprimanded, though I am not sure how.  The principle went even further than this and called a meeting of parents to preach against the dangers of website like myspace that encourage kids to post a great deal of personal information about themselves on an unsecured, easily accessed medium.  This is a necessary step to take I believe, because children need know that there are many people besides teachers who will see their myspace pages, and the consequences may be much more dangerous than detention.
      School is not the only place where security takes priority over privacy.  The U.S. government has, many times throughout its history, limited citizens’ right to privacy in favor of national security.  There is however, a very important difference with this particular school situation: by posting that bulletin on myspace, the student had no right to privacy to begin with.
	
