      Regardless of my personal feelings about war in general, I am hard-pressed to find any legitimate political reason for the invasion of Iraq.  Feeding on escalated feelings of anti-terrorism in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, President Bush convinced the country that Saddam Hussein was an immediate threat in possession of weapons of mass destruction who needed to be removed from power.  In a most anti-constitutional fashion, Congress granted the President power to deploy troops and attack Iraq without making a formal declaration of war. (According to the Constitution, only Congress has the power to declare war, at the President’s request)  The faulty planning and the poor strategy that followed created devastating effects.  The number of dead American soldiers and dead Iraqis is still rising three years later.  But after having been there for so long, after turning their world upside down, how can the United States abandon the Iraqi citizens now? 
      Bush had a special word for his invasion of Iraq; he called it a pre-emptive strike – attack them before they have the chance to attack us.  His administration claimed to have evidence that proved Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction.  Based on this rationale, why hasn’t the U.S. invaded North Korea?  This is a country whose government openly advertises its possession of nuclear capabilities.  Yet North Korea remains untouched.  After taking over Iraq, no weapons of mass destruction were actually found.  And so questions arise, questions about the real motives behind the war effort.  Some speculate that it was a personal vendetta, passed on from father to son.  It was indeed President Herbert Walker Bush who launched the first attack against Saddam Hussein in the 1st Gulf War.  Others say the reason had to do with money, and greed of the United States in its desire to control the rich oil region.  
      U.S. troops easily overthrew the Iraqi government and scared Saddam into hiding.  In the absence of government, a power vacuum formed, a vacuum for which Bush did not have a plan to effectively control.  Looting and vandalism plagued the streets of Iraqi towns and villages.  There was no law and no law enforcement to hold the people in check.  It took time for the U.S. government to implement a democratic form of government there.  If anyone knows the amount of time, struggle, and dedication it takes to establish a steady, functioning democratic government, it should be the United States, the first modern democratic nation.  Nearly 100 years after its inception, the country divided itself in a bloody civil war.  How could the U.S. government, backed originally by a majority of the U.S. people, imagine that a change of such magnitude would happen in Iraq in one decisive stroke?  
      The U.S. government sent neither substantial troops nor substantial equipment.  The American forces in Iraq were left insufficiently prepared to deal with the military insurgents that still linger today.  Thousands upon thousands of American soldiers have died, many from unpreventable car bombs and individual suicide bombers.  Part of the solution to this problem is to train local police forces, something the American troops are doing now.  But this takes time and money, more time and money than the government originally planned on expending.
      The U.S. government, no matter how wrong it was in starting this war, now has a responsibility to the Iraqi people to finish it.  The U.S. has a responsibility to leave Iraq in a state of peace and security.  This is only right since peace and security is what the U.S. government took away.
      

