      The debate over gay marriage is one of the most hot-button issues in today’s political discussions.  The underlying question is what defines marriage?  Is it simply a committed relationship between two people, or specifically between a man and a woman?  Massachusetts grants gay couples the right to marry.  Vermont allows them to enter into “civil unions”, and New Jersey is still deciding whether the acknowledgement of a gay couple should be referred to as marriage or simply civil union.  While I have not yet completely formed my own opinion about gay marriage, I do not believe that there should be a constitutional amendment banning it.  There are so many different definitions of family in today’s society that I wonder if it’s really right or even necessary to ban one specifically.  Furthermore, laws concerning marriage have typically been the responsibility of the individual states.  I do not see any need to change that policy.
      Marriage as an institution that has taken quite a beating in the last few decades.  The divorce rate rises each year, and it is becoming more of a rarity to find two people in a loving, committed, and faithful relationship raising children together.  Since at least half of heterosexual couples seem to fail at this, why not allow gay couples the chance to succeed?  
      There is also a great deal of legal questions to consider.  According to most laws in place now, gay people are not allowed spousal confidentiality during a trial.  This is only one example of the disadvantages that gay couples within the regulations of the legal system. 
      I can’t help but wonder if the opposition to gay marriage is merely a reincarnation of feelings that prompted people to oppose interracial marriages not too long ago.  There used to be very strict laws against white people marrying African Americans.  Even in the 1980’s, when my Caucasian aunt married a black man, they were not accepted at first by all the members of my family.  Today people view these laws as discriminatory and unjust.  Will the next generation view our laws against gay marriage as discriminatory and unjust?
      The real question then is what takes significance, sex or love?  If two people love each other, if they want to be recognized as part of a committed relationship in the eyes of the state, to receive the same benefits as any married heterosexual couple, then I believe that they should be allowed this.  Of course family life is another important factor to consider.  Is it better for a child to grow up in home broken by heterosexual divorce, or a home warmed by the love of a gay couple?  True, children of homosexual couples may be ridiculed by their peers, but so were mulatto children decades ago.  After fighting one kind of prejudice for so many years, how can we so easily succumb to another one?
      I believe that I have, through the course of this essay, convinced myself that marriage is a right that belongs to homosexuals as much as it does to heterosexuals.  There should be no national amendment banning it.  State by state, I believe people will come to accept gay couples, just as state by state, people began to lift laws against interracial marriage.
      
      
      
