You also have like a shorter history the United States being relatively young in the grand scheme of things suffrage in France [inaudible] whatever in Europe whatever didn't

True, and that's another [inaudible] so I guess we're more progressive in the grand scheme of things than most countries, but since I'm like I think it's pretty obvious there's just certain fields and professions where it's dominated by one or the other I mean for Loyola Loyola's a female dominated school

Ya know and I mean

Either way

Oh, I mean I I 

I'm in a class right now where it's 32 people and I'm one of four guys, and I'm almost positive I'm being discriminated against in my grades cause I'm a guy

Child welfare

And my like for example the last thing we had was this like project on a child welfare agency, so I did Outward Bound um my girlfriend's mom runs it in Philadelphia and um I got 140 out of 200 on it, and it was exactly what she asked for, but she didn't consider it a worthy enough child welfare organization even though it only deals with children people in my class girls were making up camps they worked at you know and talking about how they've worked with people and getting an average of 186 was the average grade on the thing and like I just think she respects the opinion and I know I mean the professor's a little a bit out there too I mean she's kind of a feminist type

No, I agree.

You also I mean to our country's credit you have um the evolution now of the stay at home father which is which is

Much more prevalent yeah absolutely that's my family my Mom brings home almost

She's a veterinarian, which is another until when she was in in med school in vet school it was Pennsylvania it was one of the three women to graduate in her entire class you know now it's a female dominated profession you know it's interesting it's the evolution of 

I thought that it was culturally unfair.

Yeah, I found that out too.

And I hated psychology here because and I thought it'd be interesting, but I ended up hating it because you have like seven tests and they're all multiple choice questions, and it's impossible to learn
Are you?

I mean I'm a history major, so I didn't take a multiple choice test until I got to that class.

Hmm

There um there may be a professional course now that is a precedent set by uh Wimbledon this year is gonna give equal prize money to this is the first time for any sport 

Right, Wimbledon's gonna pay the male champion and the female champion equal.

Nope, nothing no other sport

Yeah, it's the first sport 

Alright 

Which, is true, they do play more sets.

Yeah 

No, I completely agree with you.

No, I know what you mean. I think um for like individual um I don't know I hate to point to sports, but it's kind of like an interesting way to look at the entire situation um for like individual sports or like an individual practice per say for like a veterinarian or an M.D. whatever like everything should be equivalent or based upon how well they're doing how much work they're doing or you know your clients they have yada, yada for team type things whereas you might have like um per say like you know a company or a big business where you have like the different levels or whatever um uh you should you know that should all be the same way according to 

Right, the team as a whole exactly um and then it doesn't you know whoever is the leader it's a shame because you still have a generation of older, white males that run all the corporations for the most part but that's something that's gonna be in the next ten to fifteen years twenty years changing just as speaker of the house, just like

But, as soon as these people start to retire you might start to see it
 
I mean my family always preached more just like you grow up to be happy you know?

It's also like what a large portion the middle wants

Yeah I mean 

But, also there's like the east coast and the west coast mentality.
I think it's similar to the east coast in terms of like um equality and progression right and then there's like 

Right, and I'll use a specific example of a person I know from [inaudible] Indiana, which is northern Indiana um where this girl who was she was valedictorian of her high school for a thirty eight hundred kid high school Ok? she's like a scratch couple under golfer with offers now to like multiple schools big time like Stanford for one Ok? she's not gonna go she's gonna go to taxidermist school as a hobby and be a mom

That's what she wants.

And she's right and she's the norm for like she's not like a girl if that same girl went to your high schools she'd go to Yale or Stanford you know?

Really?

That's crazy that's also the same like the same um demographic of women that you know are are um you know like against abortion you know what I'm saying, Ok? like it works

But, it's the truth though.

Tradition, and you know

Right, and that's it's just not it's impossible it's really, really hard to break that

If some guy came along and like swept you off your feet, and you completely you know took your mind off of school for the first time in your life wouldn't that freak you out and you'd possibly think you'd want to go on a date to see 

Really?

Isn't there like a counter to that statistic you meet like the person you're

The experiences that you judge I'm not judging that you look upon when you're in your 20's and 30's and if you're having your first relationship when you're 25, 26, 30 years old you're very reliable to make a mistake that you possibly could have made when you were 19 and it didn't matter 

So you lied.

Ok, I got ya

Oh no, that's fine.

Well that's I'm sorry

Well, that's something else.

Like all the topics we're talking about.

That's why I hate I'm gonna throw this out there I think that Loyola's like the least enlightened college campus I've ever been to

And it destroys me because we have there is very few like open forums for academic endeavors like open your eyes

I know, people don't give a shit.

I don't know. Like I go to the University of Virginia or something

Alright, well I'm a 

No, I know, I know I mean like half my school goes to Penn State and like I almost went to Penn State and

Right, but within Penn State you have ten thousand kids that do care and that's twice as many three times as many people that go to Loyola that do care you know what I'm saying?

Felt good didn't it?

I think that's interesting

No, I mean the thing is I'll have to call my friends at home my friends from home that go to um you know Lehigh um or like um you know Ithaca or just different schools whatever um Villa Nova and so forth that um like that are actually more aware of the [inaudible] and I think that starts with our Professors here I'm not gonna lie I have had now seven or six classes since the shootings began yesterday morning and it hasn't

Nobody talks about it in class, yeah

I know I think I mean

Nobody

Yeah

That's Loyola like 55% of the kids here are just gonna work for their parents

Oh yeah oh yeah well that's any private, expensive college sure, sure, sure

Well yeah they don't care, but that's like that's different they didn't have to get good SAT scores and have good GPA's to go there
Yeah, yeah this might just be a generational thing too though maybe 

With whatever it just sucks

I think it could also be my friends here. Idiots.

Plus I'm not in classes with all my friends and you know they don't care in my classes either

To talk right? I've never that's exactly what I yeah I know

Slow down. What?

Oh, injury awareness day

I thought you said self-interest.

S10] If they needed the research credit, people would do it.

Yeah, it could be a Thursday.

I know, and to go back to the point I don't think that it's gender specific here I think as an overall like our campus is just [inaudible]

But, I mean it's at the same time like like we don't go to you know Harvard or Princeton, and like where there's like student activists people, groups, organizations still prevalent I mean can you name a student group here

Why did Why did you guys choose Loyola?

Me too.
 
Which is a good quality of Loyola small
 
Oh yeah absolutely

What is everyone's major here?

So psych major with a photo minor

Double major?

Double? I'm a history major myself but I  I think my question would be um you're kind of in the same boat as me the history department is strong you have um like a lot of professors that you can get in touch with easily you know have dinner with if you need to meet them and understand them um this college is probably not 

My question for you though is I mean I didn't I didn't know Loyola specifically strongly within those categories within bio and chem., but um I'll give you the name, maybe you know him my roommate Ryan Cunningham you know who he is?

He's a biochem double major also you probably have classes with him um probably I don't know anyhow I mean do you find that like it's academically enriching and what you wanted it to be for that major? because I think most of the people here already come to school already with a plan which is different from most schools I think you go to college to find yourself a lot of people here go here to be in Sellinger

Yeah, yeah, exactly

Right

But it doesn't take you any further, is that what you're saying?

