 Right

 I think I've written down the same comment for this ten times at least

 I hate this topic, I'm sorry I'm just gonna throw that out in the beginning of this, but

Cause I just think it's stupid like we're talking about all these really like important controversial issues, and like freedom of speech obviously is important

 Yeah

 Phone conversations are a lot more private than 

 Well, inherently they are more private than Myspace you put stuff on Myspace for people to see, but you don't

 Well that that's like all um I think I'm thinking about this more in terms of like if you're doing controversial things if you're having you're calling somebody to plan a to plan a attack to plan a terrorist attack or and you're also posting it on your Myspace

 Right, but you know what I'm saying like the Myspace you have to watch very carefully what you put on there if you don't know that everybody's gonna be looking at it but you're putting stuff on there so people do look at it but, when you call your mom or your dad to tell him you got a bad grade

 I mean, it shouldn't be you're calling your mom or your dad you're not calling um the rest of the people in the world to tell them to look at your site

 I live off campus.

 I'm above the school already like

 That's a private that's your house

 Mmhmm.

 Yup

 Mmhmm.

 At our school uh, here the athletic director um, Joe Boyland has a Facebook account, and he looks at all of our pictures you can get in a lot of trouble if he sees anything like people smoking or drinking if their not 21 you know so like they do it happens here like just as 

 These kids here

 Well, this is the same thing as an employer because a lot of kids here that can get checked by the athletic director are making uh 35,000 dollars a year technically

 Oh, yeah cause they're going to Loyola which is 42,000 dollars a year for like six, seven thousand dollars it's called their scholarship

 Right so those kids can lose lots and lots of money because they're taking a beer pong and Boyland has a Facebook account and um sees them

 What's your Professor's name?

 How old is he?

 Oh, one of the chem. professors here came over to have dinner with us he was a very out there guy

 I don't know, I don't remember his name.

 Yeah, that's gotta be it.

 Yes, he does.

 Sorry about that off the record

 Like what the strippers do?

 Ok

 Just trying to understand what you're talking about.
 
 Yeah, I mean you represent your company or whatever your school

 That's acceptable, right?

 They were going to, but then I don't know what happened they didn't so I'm not friends with the girl personally um and it happened right after I graduated so I I know I went to school I talked to my principal I know the story from a nun, so I don't know which twist I'm getting, but like still the point of the matter is they expelled her for something that seems like a minor infraction, but when it comes to the Myspace situation with the shooting it seems like it's a good thing so almost it's kind of like a double-edged sword kind of thing with the privacy it's really I mean how much privacy is there really in America or in the world? nowadays anyway

 You actually preach more community you know than

 Yeah, but we go to a 3,300 kid school you see the same people all the time everybody knows each other privacy here is just not an option in general

 I mean listen like I know, listen like obviously there's Penn State and then there's Loyola 

 You know everyone in your class too, you just have more of like a high school you know the kids in your class you've spoken to them I mean there's many classes at many universities where you don't even talk
 
 So it is you.

 Are you saying public schools?

 You all aren't saying the same thing then.

 Mmhmm Well, I guess if school's teachers and principals and guidance counselors and everything they invest a lot of their time and who they are you know into the students, and they want if students upbringing is gonna be dependent on these different administrative individuals then, um who is to say that it shouldn't that it is Ok then, right? for them to want to check up and make sure that they're on the right path it's almost like it's just another way of I mean, and if they're doing something inherently bad you know and they find out it's also their responsibility to make sure that kid doesn't do that and get in trouble and go down the wrong path

 And do the wrong thing so I think I guess it's Ok to have a level um a certain amount of inspection and, and, and less privacy I guess

 No, I agree.

 I've been at Loyola since ten, I kind of want to go home. 

 No

 That's like the whole isn't that what makes like Facebook the Myspace like completely ridiculous like interaction and and privacy like you subscribe and throw that out the door when you sign up to those things

 Sure, and everybody has different needs for it, but it's completely like like revolutionized college

 I mean, I don't know like what it was like um because like when I was um I guess a freshman was the first time that Facebook came out

 I'm a junior here.

 So, like I'm the first class of completely Facebook

 Oh absolutely I

 Right, right

 Yeah

 Sure well, it served more of a direct purpose now, I mean I mean now it's kind of like a 

 Yeah, it is.

 I think that's the next step, so I'm assuming that's the next step

 I mean I God, I hate at first I I mean I have uh a Facebook account per say, but like it was like it was almost like a slap in the face to what what is college you go from where you were comfortable to not and you knew everybody .to going to a spot where you have to go up to somebody and like meet them

 You get these groups like Loyola 2009 or 2008 or whatever and you have faces and you know what they like and 

 But you've never met them yeah there's no interaction

 It's completely just changed.

 I mean we pillow talk all the time.




