Better?

Nope.

I'm Jewish.

Yeah, I think it's I just think it's like like you don't you talk about the Methodist church or the Episcopalian Church

It's something that's like been given power through like centuries yeah

Well, see that's the thing the Pope isn't supposed to be human

The Pope is supposed to be an extension of Christ, right?

Well, this particular Pope wasn't.

All German born boys and girls were in different
 
Yeah, but they're not Catholic.

Episcopalian

I don't think so. I don't think they have anything to do with

I don't know, what do you think of that?

Yeah, yeah I just

Hmm, that's interesting.

Doesn't every religion has that that's old

Um, just as an aside real quick I just uh texted my Episcopalian, theology major friend it's not a branch of Catholicism

It's Ok, it's Ok no, it's alright I just wanted to clear that cause 

No, no that's fine. That's fine. I just had to make sure for myself.

True.

It is one of the only denominations of any religion where women can't be the head religious 
Right, all the rules you're gonna look at  for every religions I don't mean to always bring it back to like every religion, but Catholicism isn't really so far off from like different sects Orthodox Judaism or

Or you know different um you know strictly following Muslims and so forth in that the rules were written in a time and age where everything was different and they're not gonna change you know the written aspects of it you can't people don't have the power you can't rewrite the Bible you can't put amendments to the testament

Right, yeah I know, I know

Oh absolutely but that's what I'm saying, if they're not gonna put amendments, you shouldn't interpret it differently, but when you're talking about the rules that they still follow well, yes, the Catholic Church probably needs to change their change their rules to certain things, but like on the same hand like I mean you also just have to like use your proper discretion proper time and place discretion on things

Like Loyola not giving like Loyola doesn't have at the Health Center like you know condoms or day after pills and things like that even though we have a school that like you guys said drugs apparently you know so

Sure right I mean you know what I'm saying? so it's 

You have people that strictly follow it yeah, sure

Is is there a problem with your grandmother following her the religion that has probably done a lot for her in her life

But that's what makes religion different than like your own opinion on things is that you have

There's the whole aspect of like you're not the only thing making decisions, you're not the only reason that there is you know

You have a philosophy, it sounds like

Ok, sure.

Mmhmm

But they're also, I mean three of them are for your treatment of uh three of the Ten Commandments are for your treatment of God and the other seven are how to treat your fellow man, and I think of the ten probably two or three four or five of them aren't applicable to common to now
Like which I don't know um what I'm gonna think off the top of my head I don't know um what the Ten Commandments are but um not everybody for example uses God's name in vain all the time

That's breaking the law.

Sure

Isn't it covet your neighbor's possessions, isn't that what it was?

There's also keep the Sabbath holy which

They're all kind of one in the same. More or less

That's more of  Jewish way of looking at God though, that it's completely all around you and you don't have to be within something because God is like um an all encompassing aspect of your life that you don't have to go into a spot to see or talk to

Isn't the like Muslim faith don't they have other ways of going to

But, they also believe in preach these um I don't know what it is what the word is, but you die for in the name of

Allah? Maybe to be a martyr yeah
.
I mean I'm not talking about that, but anyhow they go to heave where they're if you do this, you go up to this magical place where it's you and like seventeen virgins something like that that's why all

That's why all these people strap bombs and

It's just supposed to give you guide headlines to which you interpret with what it means to yourself.

Yeah, but there's no according

But, I think the point that to us they're trying to make is you don't live your life according to the religion

You live it around not around, but

You're not supposed to do anything. You don't have to you chose not to

Right, you didn't have to

I bet they would.
[S10 Why, cause

See

But, even still really just dictating different laws that aren't set in stone or 

I think everyone agrees with that.



