To pot?

To to smoking?

Glaucoma
 
You just did the drug unit in psych?

And also you don't just you don't there's no like you wouldn't take tobacco out of a cigarette and put it in like a four foot glass chamber and bring it in you know what I mean so like you have uh also just to go off the medical reasons I know people um one of my roommates has um a stress related testing condition that he um he got in trouble at our school and they put him on drug testing because he got caught when he was a freshman and they they cut off the drug testing cause he got cleared medically to smoke for so they couldn't test him for stress purposed he had chronic anxiety they let him uh they let him they don't drug test him I guess, even though he should be getting drug-tested so not saying go out and smoke, just turning a blind eye I guess you'd say

I think these are two totally different things personally

In terms of like your functioning the way you function on both it's like I mean part of what makes alcohol so detrimental is that violence that it invokes, the decision process like up to the places you'll be when you're making the decisions that you are when you're on alcohol and pot it's like two completely different entities when people recreationally smoke pot they do so in the comfort of their own home or in the backyard

In America, they do.

Well the don't go to bars and do it and they don't go to work and do it on like their breaks like you'd find an alcoholic doing.

It's legal when you're 21 years-old, that's not legal forever.

No, it's not an oxymoron that's 

Why is alcohol legal?

Well, it wasn't for a while and then like the largest bootleg thing in our country, and it was a stupid it was stupid to make it illegal so they cut their losses, they made it legal, it's a massive industry um just like pot would be except for it wouldn't necessarily be the type of thing cause you can't the type of people that pot then produces like if you have your stoner, per say and your drunk the difference between the two of them would be completely

I think there is.

I think with stoners, you see like a loss of like what made you who you are because all it does is it stops your whole mental you mental uh what's it called? uh, production like where where you would be not production uh growth like where you start smoking pot every day, that's when you're mental you know like that's why people who smoke a lot of pot play a lot of video games in college and they watch a lot of stupid cartoons and stuff like that because that's what that's what a 10th grader in high school when they probably started the 9th or 12th or whatever grade that's what they'd be doing 

No, but like it's it's not
 
Did the law say 21? Ok, well that's fine.

But, see I don't think you can necessarily overuse pot in the same way you overuse alcohol.

Not me. You can't.

Well you'd get sick. You can only drink so much until you get sick or pass out.

If you go past alcohol poisoning you're doing so in a comatose state.

Sure

Well, if you go past alcohol poisoning, I don't know where you go from there.

Yeah, but alcohol you per say at Loyola the two different demographics you're talking about the alcoholic demographic you would say starts drinking at what time? After school they don't go drunk to class they might still be drunk from the night before but never at class

But, people smoke and go to class all the time.

That's like the uh residual effect

Yeah, but

I mean I would go out and venture off to say that minimum minimum ten percent of Loyola there's 4,000 kids here 3,300 kids here? 

3,300 what's ten percent? Could you give me ten percent of that real quick?

3,300

330? At least that people smoke pot every day at Loyola.

I could tell it I mean oh God

We say whatever we want in here right?
Alright, you go ahead first.

It's also harder to tell when somebody's high than if they're drunk also 

I mean that's there's no argument with that I mean
 
Yeah, yeah

That's [inaudible] it's so risky though because you can just go and it's just really easy to get into that circle of medical marijuana usage

And that's why they they don't want to [inaudible]

Abuse as easily, you said?

The only problem with that law is so somebody has like a [inaudible] at their house and they're just pinching off a gram so they can legally carry it around so they bring as much as they need out in public, but in actuality they're holding as much as they want

No, no I don't I mean 

I don't consider myself a degenerate you know I've probably habitually smoked marijuana since I was uh in 10th grade, and I can tell you like perfectly that it has definitely had an effect on my athletic career I think I could directly attribute it to why I don't play college basketball, and why I play tennis here and if we got drug tested, I'd probably get kicked off the team much like most of the athletes at Loyola if their team gets picked, they go to GNC they get their sixty five dollar of whatever, and I mean there's drug testing isn't like a [inaudible] thing, but there is an entire community and I wouldn't even call it underground community you guys will see it around Friday on campus of kids that smoke pot all the time they come in blue and

Oh, absolutely.

And this is a conservative school too, by the way.

Um I think we what you would see is a decline in the people that smoke it habitually right now, because they do so because not everybody else does, and it's something you can kinda get into, and you find your own group of friends it's kind of like a way to meet people especially in college, when you get here freshman year you find out who you have similar you know drinking or smoking or um different it's just like it's own club, but like a Loyola club, you know what I'm saying? And, so like but, I also think that if it was legal you would have less less incidents at Loyola of kids getting drunk and throwing chairs out their windows which has happened at Newman a couple of times this year and less fights people get burned out and they don't go out you get less drunk problems

Oh yeah, absolutely.
That would be cut.
 
I think it would help it would cut down on the amount of um the amount of 

The amount of over-use yeah I mean because then it you get it the whole hiding it thing it's more in the open if it's more um socially acceptable

Against pot?

No, I mean I'm not really sure how I feel about legalizing it I know it's I think its effects I don't think its effects would be detrimental to our society the only thing I do say I think about pot though um which, which would definitely be a problem is people wanna say it's not a gateway drug

You know, but people but I mean 

Yeah, but people is and that's what I'm saying you could say it about anything, but the kids at our school that drink you could narrow it down to like maybe one or two percent of them or a very small fraction that have done like well I don't want to say at our school, but your average school people our age, people that do coke, people that take shrooms

Things like that.

That's what it does I mean it really honestly like the effects you see it has on

Mmhmm.

No, no absolutely not and you have to define a medium I mean you could 

No, I'm really not I'm not for it or against it I'm against its effects on, on, on successful not successful but people that have a life ahead of them

I think 21 would be a good age to make it, but then in that case it has to be way, way, way harder to get it before you're 21.

Right, but like I'm saying if it was legal the regulation of it would be like

I think it would be a lot harder to get it um but

Right, and there would be a regulation 

Yeah, I know.
 
People don't drive as much in general though, right?

I think if it's legal I think you would have you would have like more kids getting into their parent's pot, more like you know they're gonna find their parent's liquor like you would more I think more situations where younger kids would be smoking

So, I'm saying though this would be a major con and I think you would have a lot more younger kids smoking pot if it was legal and it would be there'd be commercials or there would be I mean you open up a whole new can of worms people would be there would be like, hey like this guy's got the best like the best brewery or 

But, it's not like out there in the open and people don't talk about it

I mean is it taboo? Is it kosher, I should say to name your drug dealer in front of people? No, you can't do that. You can't even use first names with people because you can get them arrested.

I don't think so.

Yeah, but that's also like college too though. Out of college not so much

Oh, I think for the first couple of years out of college people are trying to make themselves uh in the real world and would probably if not they would not necessarily say they're gonna cut it out completely, but you would absolutely like you know lower your intake of it, and then before college you're trying to get into college

Not to mention, this is a whole this is another thing if pot's legal and alcohol is legal you'd have more people doing both together which is which in itself makes people entirely act different than one or the other and more sick

And when you smoke, you can if it messes with your tolerance, and you're able to drink more, and you get sicker and you make worse decisions I think it's great pot's not illegal I mean not legal right now, and as somebody who smokes it, I don't think it should be legal either

On Friday, at Boulder University Colorado they have uh they have it's a massive college, right? Well they have one of the largest quads there, it's like a couple football fields combined they'll be a couple thousand kids there and everybody will be doing it I mean you'll see it's gonna be a cloud visible from like visible from like outside of Colorado it's it's crazy, and like Colorado in itself is

I mean, I think we're naming some pretty good reasons personally

Umm no, we're saying because we already have one

Your heart

That's oh God

No
That's just, that's just like total garbage though it does not help you think clear it blocks off parts of your brain and opens emotional parts of your brain

Like a joint a day, doesn't help you.

I mean

Absolutely, and it messes with your sick patterns cause I know the whole like neurotransmitter I don't know I think it's serotonin or dopamine one of the two marijuana completely messes with your brain's

Dopamine?

Well it's both it's both of them I mean it's it's

Does alcohol do that?

Hmm, but if it's legal then more people

You think that less people would?

Then why make it legal?

I think it would change the demographics of who's doing it uh I think people our age who've already been exposed to it for a longer period of time but you have a whole generation of kids like for example, my little brother is in 9th grade, if it becomes legal in the next three to four year, by the time he gets to college and it's legal could you imagine what I mean I personally think if pot were legal on this campus it would be different we'd have kids here with endless amounts of money flow that just waste it on anything that you can imagine
.
Yeah, it's true.

But, I mean they can do it without it being legal.

Yeah, I know. I mean sure, being underage is a deterrent.

This whole drunk in class thing all the time I don't

Alright, so those are like the kids that show up with like the bottle of water, and they look hung over

They're not functionally drunk, they're not like belligerent in class.

I'm just saying I don't think I think if you were to like cut each class down, you would find a greater amount of kids they're probably the ones that are contributing the most because they're inhibitions are cut down by pot and you come to 

Yeah, but you just sit there quietly because you probably feel miserable because it's 8 a.m. in the morning and you probably feel hung-over.

I mean I have multiple classes where there's like two kids that talk each class and they wait till everybody doesn't raise their hand cause

Me too

If I'm stoned in class then there's I mean just because I am somebody that does talk it's different but I don't feel as bashful so 

No
.
I think it makes it legally I don't think it makes a difference, legal or illegal people are probably gonna go sober to class, right?

Well, I think they should make it legal for a year then and you could see the greater population burnout and you'll see why

People have become burnouts and it's ugly.

Cause it's addicting. Pot's addicting.

No, I'm saying they should I mean they could do an experiment it'd be funny to see cause

It's totally different, it's totally different.


