See, I don't think we should have gone in, but I think pulling out now just pulling out and leaving nothing behind would be a big mistake. I mean look what happened in Haiti, look what happened in other situations where we've done that before and it's just been a disaster. I mean, I think just pulling out would hurt them even more than staying would.

Well, the thing is also it's not just Bush it's the congress, it's the senate, it everything and a lot of people just think of it as being Bush they say, oh it's Bush, it's Bush but, he couldn't have gone in without getting the consent

Well, I mean in going in I was talking about going in 

Going in in general

Uh in the first place, he couldn't have gone in without them saying anything

I don't know, I really don't think so. I don't think we're trying to put in the same democracy that we have here. We're trying to put in a government that works, and whatever that may be that's what it'll be it's just

No, it's not whatever works best for us I don't think I don't think so I think that we're trying to help them, it's not really about us.

I can agree with that.

What, two hundred years for it to at least settle down?

Oh, absolutely

I think  a lot of the American people supported it also because it was right after 9-11. They were feeding off fear.

It's not It's not that I think it's good that's Saddam is out of power we went in for the wrong reasons though we went in by feeding off of the fear that the American people had after 9-11 after they hyped up that fear they immediately hyped up that fear it's the war on terror which is really not the war on terror it's not

Well, it's like anywhere else. There's different kind of people. We just have to figure out how to get those groups to mix it's the same thing here I think but, to a smaller degree because we're a much bigger country um  and we can I don't why we can deal with it better I think it's because there's so many different cultures but these cultures have been there's three cultures within one culture that have been battling for years and we just have to figure out nobody's figured out a way we still don't know a way, but we have to figure it out somehow

Absolutely

But, I think without some outside help they're never gonna get to it because they've been at it for so long

Right No, I agree I totally agree with you um  it's just how are we gonna do it? (cough) sorry how are we gonna do it? That's the problem now.

But, I still don't know if getting out just pulling out is a solution I don't think it is

Yeah, but it's not that simple that's the whole problem it's not that

But, a lot of the Americans you know not all of the American people they go with the media and the media is just like, oh another death in Iraq 

But, that's not all of them though it's not even half it's just depends on the person's experience

But, can we trust the media we're getting? Because it's all spun. Even before it goes to political from that whichever station or whichever paper it is it's spun before that because it's spun by our government

Statistics you can lie with very easily

Still I'm not saying the numbers even it's just can we really trust exactly what the media is telling us in exactly the way the media spins it? No matter how impartial we want to be, it's gonna taint us. It's gonna taint our opinions of it.

Yeah, well personally I don't know does anyone read the international papers? Like I read papers 

I watch BBC all the time like that's where that's where I get my news I don't read the New York Times anymore I've given up I've given up on the U.S.'s newspapers because you never know you never know which political party, which person's opinion you're getting it's a little less impartial than an outside view so can we really be take what they're saying and without taking it with a really huge grain of salt?

I think the main thing is we don't have any better ideas right now we don't we don't know what to do because it's a situation that's happened before and nobody's been able to fix it yet so this is what

You don't think well not the exact same situation I mean the situation with trying to fix war and culture in countries that have been warring for centuries

We had the same thing happening in Israel, and the same thing happening in 

That's happened numerous times.

Well, we know history we know we don't learn from history
Sometimes, I think history is gonna come up behind people and just hit people with a bat and just, listen to what I tell you sorry it's just we don't have any better ideas we don't know what to do, and I don't think really anybody has any better ideas yet it's either say or pull out there's kind of no even no middle ground

I don't know.

I don't agree.

No, I absolutely agree with the fact that there shouldn't be people who can't order a beer in the states, but they can go die for their country but that's different that's totally different they're too young to be fighting for their country

Magnet schools?

Vocational schools?

Three three? I think it's three.

Umm, but here's  my problem. Just ok you think if we really pull out that there just gonna fight with each other? Because they all have very strong views against a lot of people in have strong views against western culture, so you really think it's just gonna stay with them fighting within their own cultures or it's gonna spread because I don't think it's gonna stay within their own cultures I think they're it's going to become a problem it's going to grow

I think it's gonna spread, I think it's gonna they're gonna kind of I don't have I'm not articulating well

But, here's the thing almost everybody has nuclear weapons now, right?

One crackpot's gonna they have them we know they have them

Apparently we don't know because we have no idea where they could be hidden they could be hidden in other countries we really don't know this is just this isn't something that's in stone this isn't something that's I'm just saying in general they're just pulling out is gonna cause more problems just leaving is gonna cause more problems than if we had never gone in, in the first place

No, I agree

Yeah

Haiti they pulled out and look what happened it fell into complete anarchy

But, it's the same kind of issue and the pulling out we didn't stay with it and we caused more problems by leaving by being there and then just not being there we caused more problems

But, everyone makes mistakes no one's perfect. No government is perfect.

Everybody makes a lot of them. Look at history. I mean, come on.

Well, when you say gradual, what do you mean? Like over the next ten years? Over the next fifteen years?

So, are you saying complete pull out with no one there, no bases, no nothing?

Everybody has embassies.

Well, when people say pull out they usually mean think completely

I think, I agree with you in that we need to stick with it we can't just it seems like giving up on people if we just leave it seems like we're saying, it's not gonna happen, it's not gonna work so we're just gonna leave and give up

Well, I think almost 

Well, what you just said also just made me think of something it made me think, this is the problem we have with the two party system there's no middle area it's either stay or go out it's not it's stay for a while or go out now there's no middle ground

No, but you can do gradual but she I agree with what you're saying they're saying, now get out now there's not gradual, there's no

It's now, they want them out now.

Um it happened in Vietnam. Why wouldn't it happen again?

And we know that people don't learn from their mistakes.

You can compare it because it's 

Is it a war?

Was it a war?

But, they're calling it the war on terror so, it is a war even thought it hasn't been declared

But, you know what? It's not necessarily poor. It's just it's a process it's just the beginning of it not every experiment's gonna show not even experiment experiment's the wrong word not everything that's gonna happen is gonna show results automatically, right away and when it comes to terms of countries and change three years, four years, five years, is nothing it's no time

There's also the fear that they're closer to it than they are than we are they came it can become a home war for them

It absolutely could.

You'd be surprised at what the people I personally have my family lives over there that's

You'd be surprised at what you hear from the people not the governments the people

That's their fear.

But, there's also the different governments in Paris which actually subsidize the poor you can get a house for free same thing in Germany and France and in Italy if you're poor, you can get a house they'll give you one it's just different governments so I don't know if we can really compare their opinions to our opinions because it is different it's completely different form of government

Oh, absolutely.

It never really functioned very well. The idea was nice.

I'm still not saying we should have gone in. I agree with you, we shouldn't have gone in.

I mean great it's great that Saddam is out of power because he was you know a murderer just in the simplest sense of the word he was a murderer

I don't know.

But, the thing is it was a structure that was based on killing he was killing anyone that decided to [inaudible] him so
 
No, I agree. I'm just saying in general, I'm glad that he's out of power. Maybe, we didn't go about it the right way we definitely didn't go about it the right way, but he's out of power and that is a good thing

Absolutely no absolutely I don't think we went in for the right reasons that's what I'm saying

We did not go in for the right reasons.

What?

No, I agree. I agree. Um and I think there's definitely when it comes to people's when polled it's all black and white and it's not because
No, I know. I mean it's that's the problem the majority of America listens to what they're

Well, it's absolutely it doesn't though it doesn't work that way

But, I mean I think there's definitely a I think part of this is because there's such a big population of people who live in a certain kind of area and a certain kind of mindset because our country's so big everyone's so spread out, and then there's that you have the coasts that are really densely populated, and then in the middle it's all kind of rural very rural, very few cities and there's a certain kind of mindset, and that is who rules our country almost that's who that the majority of votes are in the Midwest region

Math and science.
 
Do you think we went in for the right reasons?

Well, first we were in Afghanistan then somehow we ended up in Iraq.

See, this is the see, this is the problem with that

We can't blame any single person. We can't we can't blame one person which it's just not possible because it just doesn't work that's not the way our government functions

I can see that, but I don't think it's his

You can, but I don't think it's his driving force I would personally think about it if you went if his father was president and then you became president you'd want to separate yourself from him not be him

Which was its aim.

I mean, there's good things that came from this war in the fact that Saddam Hussein is out of power right that is a good thing are we kinda like that's not

Dictator gone people not getting slaughtered because they believe in a different they worship a god a different way good thing you know but then they we're still at war for reasons that we shouldn't be, but I'm still standing by the fact that we can't until there's a better idea until there's a better plan, we can't just leave we can't just leave it the way it is because that's a cop out it's just leaving it's giving up on people and I don't know I'm a humanist I believe that all people are generally good, and there's some way we can do this it can be done 





