Oh, my I have nice, fun opinions about this one um absolutely I mean, think about it the Catholic Church once condemned the fork

They did. They condemned utensils. They need to change with the times I mean look at just the way our society is does not fit with the way our society was when the rules were set down in the medieval times.

I have a question. Who's Catholic? Are you Christian?

What are you, just out of curiosity?

You're Jewish? Ok, um I'm non-denominational anything I don't believe in organized religion.

Basically um I'll go to church if I feel like I need it I think I don't need to go to church to speak to a higher power if that's what I need so to me, the Catholic Church is absolutely bonkers

Well, that's also because you don't have to go confess to a man who has no right to tell you [inaudible]

It's like, Ok because they're right because we said they were right in the past, we have to say they're right now, because if we say they're not right now that means automatically they're not right then

Catholic Church if you think about it they say a lot of times the reason they say they can't change something is because that would mean that they're admitting that they're wrong, and they can't be wrong they're human give them I mean what do you think about on the issue with the Pope?

Which makes no sense he's human

But, that's not possible. No human can be infallible.

Now, I've gotten different opinions on this one

No, go ahead.

The Pope was in Hitler's youth that's not an error?

This particular Pope was in Hitler's youth, but if he's infallible is he automatically infallible from time he's elected Pope? That doesn't make sense.

Umm, still

But, he's also said like he's stated that it was his choice he's stated it he has talked about it it wasn't by coercion for him this is something I feel really strongly about I'm sorry this is just there's no way for a person to be infallible especially if oh, Ok, so he becomes Pope and everything he's ever done has never been a mistake

I was raised Catholic so I know the dogma I was raised Catholic and Lutheran weird combination I went to church twice every Sunday my entire life I was baptized when I was in fifth grade my parents gave me a choice to be Lutheran or to be Catholic it was crazy I'm sorry, I'm sorry all of my friends are Catholic it just doesn't make sense to me and also

I think that it needs to change I think that it's a lot of parts of the Catholic Church have always needed to change I mean women aren't allowed in the clergy

Why honestly according the Catholic Church, women are the root of all evil that is still doctrine

Episcopalians and if it's in the Catholic Church they're 

Yes they are Episcopalians, and I can't remember the other one they're a branch of Catholicism

It's only if you were married before you became a Priest you can't be married after you become a Priest

They're Catholic

My friend's an Episcopalian Catholic

It's a branch of Catholicism I'm Protestant I am Protestant I'm baptized, I used to teach Sunday school

Episcopalians are a branch of Catholicism they just don't agree with everything they're still considered Catholic

Um but, when it comes to Communion I've gotten different opinions from different Catholics on this is it the body and blood of Christ? Is it symbolism? Personally, not doctrinally because I know the doctrine personally, as a Catholic, do you believe that it's really blood and flesh that you're eating cause that's what it's supposed to it's supposed to be transmogrified into body and flesh of Christ that's what the Catholic Church says

Ok

As Catholic, you're supposed to believe that it's literal.

Science we have the proof that it's not possible, also things like the view from the Catholic Church that a Priest can forgive you for your sins 

I honestly think that as a society, we've grown the point where we've realized that no one can forgive us for our sins besides ourselves and God.

Then why is the middle man there? I mean I understand that it was there during the Dark Ages because people didn't really connect with God, but people have the ability to now.

Ok, I can see that. That's  I could see that's the reason for having a Priest the confession doesn't make sense to me it never will

I don't know I don't know if I agree because according to Catholicism you're not allowed to go up to the altar unless you've confessed that day on Sundays when you go to church

I don't agree with organized religion in general that's just my thing

Ok, I have another one. Sorry when it comes to issues of contraception, right? The Catholic Church is against it now back a little not even far back families were a lot bigger because you could support them on land, could support them money could support them that's not possible now, and to expect a just basically you're supposed to you're allowed to have sex with your parents with you're a spouse your parents? haven't slept in two days 

With your spouse and not only for procreation reasons, but you're not supposed to use contraception? It's not I think it's almost what's the word I'm looking for? Not detrimental, but it's irresponsible of the church to say you can't use contraception just population wise especially with the amount of people that are Catholic and the amount of people that dogmatically follow that follow what the Catholic dogma is dogmatically follow? doggedly follow what Catholic dogma is

My mistake, I was thinking of something else.

Then there must be another, there's another I know there's a branch of Catholicism that's not I must just be mixing up the name, so my apology

But, they also have to be married before they become

But, just back to what I'm saying about the contraception like I think it's irresponsible not only fiscally, but for the world in general it's irresponsible

Like, do you have any opinion on it whatsoever or cause I know there's a lot of Catholics that do listen to it, and a lot of Catholics that don't so and as a Catholic should you listen to everything that the Catholic Church says?

So then don't you think it should change? if you don't agree with it if there are things that you don't agree with for good reasons shouldn't and there's a lot of people that disagree with it, but they're still claiming to be Catholic isn't that a problem?

But, shouldn't they change then? if they're ridiculous
That's what the question's asking should it change?

I'm not saying everything has to change just there are some things that are definitely, majorly problematic

Quick question about the women and the clergy thing do you think that adds to gender discrimination just going back to do you think that like the rule that women can't be in the clergy and they can only be nuns do you think that adds to gives people more of an excuse to say oh, it's ok because it's the Catholic Church that does it just back to what we were talking about before actually yeah I mean I guess people could use that as a rationale and I guess it is gender discriminatory
 
It's not tradition, it's rules like there's a difference between a tradition and a rule

It has nothing to do with the religion.

Oh, absolutely.

Uhh let me say something about that the Bible did not arrive by fact from heaven it's written by man
 
The same thing with the Torah and the Koran

Apparently?
 
Like um what you were saying about it's discretion I know a lot of very, very intelligent people I'm going to use my grandmother as an example she built a pharmaceutical company in a time when you know women didn't work in Germany like went to med school you know she's a very intelligent woman she believes everything the Catholic Church says, and will listen to everything the Catholic Church says regardless of logic regardless of science because it is the Catholic Church and the Catholic Church is right, and there is a lot of people like that I'm not saying that's just the Catholic Church there's Muslims, Jews, Buddhists not so much Buddhists uh, Hindus any religion almost is like that

And, it's a big it's this whole that whole again 

Honestly no it's I just think that sometimes there's a problem with blindly following something

You know what

There's also that, but I don't know I don't think that I have to I have my faith I'm very strongly about my faith, but it's not 

No, it's faith to me. I believe in God.

I believe in God, I just have my own beliefs about who He is and I think that's absolutely Ten Commandments great thing because they're moral

Those are things that 

Like which? I'm curious.

Absolutely I don't think it's um

I don't know if it's mmm I think that Ok, I can see what you're saying I absolutely see what you're saying, but like things like thou shall not kill

Thou shall not commit adultery, thou shall not steal

Which technically

That's a different one there is adultery I can't remember exactly how it's worded

Sabbath is just technically day of rest. Technically if you want to bring it down to bare bones, it's the day that God rested, and it's honestly Sunday yeah it's a day of rest for me

That's fine. But, I honestly saying that you have to go to church every Sunday is a little ridiculous. I don't think that you have to be in a certain building to speak to God.

No, I totally agree with you but, the Catholic Church is one of the only religions that completely negates every other like they say the Catholic Church you're Catholic, you have to be Catholic you're gonna go to heaven if you're Catholic I know it's not like that I don't know I'm not sure how it is exactly with the Jewish religion, but the Christians, Protestants you can come up to the altar and you can get a blessing no matter who you are Catholics you can't you cannot come to the altar of God for communion if you are not Catholic

You can't, not you can't I went I've gone to Catholic Church since I've been baptized I'm not allowed I've talked to priests, I've talked to nuns of different sects you're not allowed to get a blessing during communion unless you're Catholic

You are only allowed to be at the table of God if you are Catholic.

Since I'm not Catholic, and I was baptized Lutheran and confirmed Lutheran I was not allowed to go up for communion at my Baccalaureate Mass even for a blessing I was not allowed it was a Catholic Church

That was at St. Patrick's Cathedral.

That's at St. Patrick's Cathedral you're not allowed no

I'm just saying what's doctrine.
That's fine, I've never been trained as a Eucharistic Minister.

Um but I was not allowed to go up to the altar at St. Patrick's Cathedral, which to my father was a huge deal because my father was born and raised Catholic he goes and does confession that's his thing and he hasn't had he hasn't confessed, he won't get communion you're not allowed you're technically not allowed to get communion if you haven't confessed that day

It's exclusive. The problem with the Catholic Church is that only Catholics are right I mean there's room for error, there's no room for if someone is Muslim you know but leads a good life technically they can go to heaven, but no they don't go to heaven and they're in limbo mmmm

Um the Muslim faith says everyone will go to heaven because everyone is inherently Muslim, which I think basically to me and to the people that I know are Muslim says that just everyone is inherently good and if they lead a good life they're gonna

What about the Crusades?

That's God, but what about the Crusades? People did the same thing in the Catholic religion.

I'm not saying it's

Oh, I know. I'm not saying there's not problems in any other religion, but that's one that I notice that bothers me really like that bothers me about the Muslim religion there are things that bother me about the Muslim religion about every religion which is why I have problems with organized religion I think there's problems with all of them I mean it's great that people find that people find solace in itself

But, according to religion you're supposed to follow it to the letter or you're

I'm just saying that that's what that's the dogma though

You're supposed to

You're supposed to live it according to the religion.

I chose not to that's my choice

But, if you have to choose to be in the Catholic Church, you're supposed to follow it to the letter of the law.

That's then they then they if you speak to strict Catholics, they will not consider you Catholic

My grandmother does not consider my father Catholic anymore.

Because my father married a non-catholic woman, and because he doesn't go to church every Sunday. 

Did you fast on Ash Wednesday? You're not supposed to eat on Ash Wednesday or Holy Thursday.

Are you? Sorry, my mistake I kind of I forget you guys are freshman

Ok um my mistake cause I thought 

Sorry, my mistake.

And they're supposed to be followed otherwise it's a sin.
 
I think the picture of right has changed over the ages too though.

Um that's your opinion I don't begrudge you your opinion um  I hope you don't begrudge me mine

I'm not so much saying conform as I'm saying that there are certain things that do need to change.

No, I don't attack every there's many things about any religion that are good and pure and fabulous for anyone that not everyone maybe because for everyone it's different, but I mean there was a time when I was very religious I taught Sunday school for four years I was um kicked out of my church for teaching what was taught to me in my Confirmation class which was that the Genesis was uh symbolism, but the woman who ran the Sunday school didn't agree with the priest, so she kicked me out for teaching what I was taught

And, I mean there's problems anywhere um  but, it kind of disillusioned me I guess to it so my views have changed they've evolved, and I think that sometimes some parts I think that the Catholic Church needs to evolve with humans with our mentalities not everything needs to change because they're I mean the basic tenets are still about being good, but things a lot of things that are rules are based on like you said money and power and does the Catholic Church really need more money and power? Does any religion really need to be the only like it I don't know I don't know where I'm going with that I lost my brain stopped
