Well it kinda seems to me it's the same kind of thing as alcohol it's a drug use it safely, if you're gonna use it at all there are problems with it, but there are problems with almost anything so whatever

Let's be completely honest though it's a drug like anything else, how can you really differentiate between smoking tobacco and smoking marijuana and drinking alcohol? It's all well not really so much tobacco, but it's all mind-altering, so where do you draw that line?

I don't know I guess it just seems to me where you really draw that line because alcohol is a mind-altering drug it's considered a drug you know it's not considered just a liquid it's a drug and it's mind altering, and it's it alters you physically so why is pot any more bad I mean I still think it's kind of a personal choice or it should be anyway

But, how?

Not necessarily.

Not necessarily, I know like 

So, then why is alcohol why should alcohol be legal and pot not?
.
Exactly what I'm saying is why? It doesn't make sense. It's kind of an oxymoron.

It's oxymoronic in the fact that what you're saying is there's all these problems with alcohol that are right they do it during their lunch breaks, why is it legal?

Yeah, why should it be legal?

I don't think there's much of a difference.

I know alcoholics and I know stoners, and it doesn't seem like there's much of a difference in their quote activity.
 
But, the problem is that when you're doing it all the time the same with the problem of alcohol or any other drug 

It is!

But, it's all the same the problem is when you overuse something it's not if you smoke pot once a month

Oh, I think absolutely you can.

Well you'd do the same thing with and people still go past it

Not necessarily
If you have alcohol poisoning you're not in a coma not necessarily

But, I'm saying that's not that's not even socially acceptable that's just medically you saying socially acceptable, and I think absolutely there will be limits on like people if you smoke pot every day people look down on you, just if you drink alcohol all the time people look down on you it's definitely there are ways of doing it socially acceptable I mean think of it in a college situation everybody has a friend who smoked pot at least once or twice or does it once a month or you know a couple of times a month but and then everybody has that friend that does it all the time or that at least knows someone, but it's the same way with alcohol I don't think there's a difference

So, why are you saying that so you're saying that 
.
Yeah, but people go drunk all the time because they've still drunk from the night before so there's really no difference

And again it's a personal thing

It's a personal thing if somebody makes a stupid decision that's their decision, but it's it should be their decision

330

I don't agree.

I know, I know

In California, there are places where you can go I know at least in California, I think in Arizona and New Mexico as well um there are places that do sell it for medical usage and they have all different strains Ok I hate to say it have you seen the show Weeds? you know exactly the show I'm talking about 

Those are all over. It's like a store, it's like a bakery almost even where you can just go

Right oh, absolutely

But, I also think that it's the same situation I think when it comes to the way I look at alcohol and the difference you know between America and Europe you can drink when you're 16 in Europe and you don't drive until you're 18 because you don't know how to handle things then, and it's the same kind of thing if it was legal you'd know how to handle it it wouldn't be something you'd be able to abuse as easily I think

I think, but that's my that's, that's the way I was raised, so that's the way I see alcohol I don't I don't drink I'll drink I'll have a glass of wine with dinner, but I will not drink something that tastes horrible I find out my roommate my friend's roommate was 21 when I go to visit her I'm like, oh good, I can use wine to cook! That's my first reaction. I don't drink, so that's just just the different way I was raised

Absolutely

And, it feels like what you're saying is that somebody that smokes pot they're gonna be a degenerate

That's what it seems like.

That's their choice.

Here's my thing. There is a massive drinking community at Loyola.

Massive.

So why is that there are people who go out Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday drink in their rooms like it's the same thing there are just as many people who drink every day

See, I thought you were arguing against it.

Against the legality of it

Oh, absolutely it is.

You can say that about anything.

It's big.

It's big.

But, it's also a really personal thing because I don't know I've I smoke pot

And, I'm not a cracked out loser I mean I go to class with the exception of today where I pulled two all-nighters in a row so I didn't go to class today Ok it's not like I was smoking pot all night

But, that's with anything so why should I mean just like if we have things like alcohol that are illegal honestly, I don't see why this shouldn't be to be dead honest I thought you were arguing against it

I'm not saying it's a good thing.

Yeah! My 16 year-old brother my 16 year-old brother I went home for Easter and my 16 year-old brother can get alcohol quicker than I can like

It's the same thing

Oh, I think they would start to regulate it, so there would be a regulation so it wouldn't be

Like alcohol but, it's it's still like they really can't regulate it because people are gonna sell it anyway

It's like anything like alcohol exactly it's a regulated system, so probably less people get it that are underage then not then if it wasn't regulated, but

Yeah, I mean there's still gonna be people doing it it's just gonna not be quite as many

Well, that's absolutely true. I mean look at the way kids in the U.S. drink at in their teenage years compared to the way kids in Europe do I mean it's most families I know I cam to college and I talk about how I'd have a glass of wine at dinner with my family since I was about 8 like I'd have a little mini glass of wine because I it adds to the flavor of the food there was horror on some of my friends' faces because they're like I don't drink, I'm not allowed to drink there was never alcohol a drop of alcohol in my house my Mom didn't even use it to cook it's a completely different view it's definitely something that's forbidden and that's tempting, especially to a teenager's mind and I think that if like and even in Europe it's 16 for beer and wine now in almost all of Europe I think it's not in Czechoslovakia I think you can get anything and in Belgium you can get anything at 16 anywhere else it's beer and wine at 16 and hard liquor at 18 but you also can't drive until you're 18 almost anywhere in Europe, and you they have this this gap where you learn to deal with things before

Uhh depends on where you are like um my cousin's best friend lives out in the country in Germany they drive everywhere

Just in general well and also they have much better public transportation systems

I live in New York City, so it's the only city-city in the states I've been in I tend to stay there um but, it so I don't really know I get what you're saying with the residential cause I guess in Baltimore I can see what you're saying, but like

Yeah, no, I can see what you're saying, but I still think absolutely the forbidden fruit thing I think it's a problem I think it adds to the problem

Yeah I think it's I mean with it being legal it kind of you're not rebelling against anyone if you're smoking pot now, and I mean a lot of people go to drink and smoke pot when they're a kid cause you know they're going against the man you know? kinda thing but, you're not anymore if it's legal does that make sense?

Right, but it's still gonna be a lesson because it's actually regulated.

There's pros and cons to every situation though to everything

They already do.

It's not out there in the open and people don't talk about it really?

But, honestly I don't think it's honestly not that detrim- it's not a drug it's on the level with alcohol, it's not on the level with cocaine and heroin and angle dust and PCP and

I don't think it would be there's any way that any drug that I can think of wouldn't even be I don't think there's enough of a I don't want to say following I mean cause there are people who use drugs habitually

Exactly, it's honestly pot is seen let's be honest to kids of our generation pot's seen like tobacco, it's seen like a cigarette let's be dead honest here

The majority of kids I know oh pot? Ok, whatever like you smoke pot, whatever, that's fine

Oh, really? You don't think so?

I don't know people do the same thing fight with alcohol try to say the same thing with alcohol

I think you can't have one legal and one not I don't think it makes sense because I think they're the same sort of drug

I don't know. I'm gonna disagree with you.

I did.

I haven't read anything else about it, I heard it from a friend of mine so

I honestly think it's the same thing as with alcohol, and with cigarettes it's a personal choice, and I think it should if you're gonna have alcohol legal there's no reason for pot not to be legal there's no reason

I don't see that they don't seem like reasons because they then by that right then alcohol should be illegal for the same reasons that you're saying about pot then alcohol should be illegal

There's no reason, there the same thing so why can people switch them out it's a personal choice

Let me tell you something. My friend took the SAT's once stoned, once not aced the SAT when he was stoned aced it

No, I'm sorry it's just it happens
Absolutely it could be a fluke, but it could be a fluke that there's nothing there's no studies that have been done about it that there have been with alcohol, so we have no idea and the be honest

No, go ahead.

I don't know. It's not my field.

I was just talking about studies about like a glass of red wine a day it helps your heart

I'm not saying it does, I'm not saying but most people don't stick to one glass of wine a day.

I don't think that it I don't think it I haven't smoked in three years I'm not gonna lie, but personally, it's one of those things where I just don't see the reason for it being illegal if alcohol and cigarettes are legal because you're just they're harmful to you, and so what's the point of having those legal and one not just arbitrarily because that's what it seems like it's arbitrary alcohol's legal and marijuana's not it could be the other way around just as easily

There are also people that smoke cigarettes without filters.

I think it's dopamine.

Dopamine is sleeping, serotonin is happiness.

Well, it's more dopamine though you take dopamine to sleep

But, that's anything, I mean alcohol changes your brain chemistry so does nicotine and tar that are in cigarettes

What does it mean, what does it mean?

But, like I said, it's everything in moderation. So, anything when you overdo it is bad. Um, I don't think anyone should be drinking every day, I don't think anyone should be and when I say drinking, I mean drinking to the point where it's gonna alter your chemistry, and that way I don't think you should be smoking pot every day but, if it's in moderation, there's no way it should not be legal

It's arbitrary though I don't think so

I don't think that less people would. I don't really think that it's going to change. I don't think 

And, that's their choice.

It's all about choice, and I think that people should be able to make the choice if they want to smoke pot or if they want to do alcohol or whatever.

Personally, if something's illegal, I'm really not gonna do it. That's why I don't drink in the states. It's illegal, and I know I'm the minority when it comes to that I'm the minority yeah but, that is a deterrent to people it's a big deterrent

People go to class drunk all the time.

Absolutely, guidelines are necessary I'm not saying they're not I'm not saying it should be completely arbitrary to how much you wanna smoke, where you wanna smoke, I think there should be guidelines just like anything else

I see kids drunk in class all the time I have 8 a.m. classes everyday

They are still people who are still drunk from the night before.

I'm not saying people should go stoned to class ever. I don't think it's acceptable.

They're inhibitions are cut down by alcohol too.

I don't know, it's it's like I said it affects people differently, and just like anything so 

I'm that kid.

So but that doesn't

If it's gonna be legal, people aren't going to like people still have a sense of decorum they're not gonna go it's the same thing alcohol's legal so most people won't go drunk to class most people aren't gonna go stoned to class they're

So, I don't think that really makes any sense as an argument.

Right, but I still think it should be legal because it there's no reason for it not to be I don't feel that there really is a reason not to be

I don't think that'll happen with the greater population people 

People have more restraint than that. People as a whole 

But, pot's not as addictive as alcohol is because people get addicted to drinking alcohol
.
No, it's not different.
