Oh my.

Well, there's the opposite too.

There's the opposite too teaching

Is there really a difference between gender discrimination and racism though? It's just a different kind of racism.

Yeah, that's like so like 

Well, my grandmother women didn't work in Germany until about 40 years ago

Seventy, thirty baby

It's seventy, thirty now

Well, I was just thinking that, if I have to think about my classes 8 a.m. class there's three guys my 3 o'clock class, there's two guys it's just there's there's so many more women on this campus

And in college in general I went to visit friends and it's the same

What class is it?

Oh my, yes

I think it goes both ways it's not only women that get discriminated against absolutely the situation just drives me crazy I mean look at look at uh suits between parents who does the child always go with? the mother whether even thought a lot of times the father would be better off it's because a child should be with their mother I don't think that's a load of crap 

It's a load of crap it should go to the parent who can best provide for the child take care of the child and give a loving environment to the child it's it's a different thing between work and  and family situations, but either way the discrimination is ridiculous

Great

The bacon
 
Let's just think about this we always hear about you know the glass ceiling does anyone ever talk about the glass elevator I mean in female in feminine dominated fields a lot of times men will get promotions a lot sooner I mean nursing is supposed to have in particular my friend's going through nursing she's a nurse and I mean all the time there she's been working for about five years there will be men male nurses that have worked at the same place do the same exact job as her she does more work, and they get promoted over her just because it's a male it's a female-dominated field and they need to put more men out there and I mean I think the same thing happens sometimes in male-dominated fields with females not often, but it does happen and discrimination hurts everybody, so
.
Yeah, it sucks.

It that's what they that's what they that's what it was done for because the male brain processes certain things better than the female brain and there's different parts of the brain that are used um  I remember reading this whole article on it for my psych class for my A.P. pysch class

It's both it's bother because um 

That's the it shouldn't I mean standardized testing in general not everyone learns the same way I mean I suck at multiple choice I'm great at essays, but I have friends who are awesome at multiple choice and suck at essays like I don't so well in my psych classes because most of them are multiple choice based classes

It sucked.

I'm a psych major right now.

I'm a I have a C in my psych personality class because it is all multiple choice.

I um actually our first test was majority multiple choice and essay 75% multiple choice and essay I did not get a point off on my essays, but I got the majority of the multiple choice wrong people test different ways, so standardized testing is unfair to everybody because nobody's gonna get it all

And I mean it comes back to the there's differences there are differences between the genders, but there's no reason to discriminate one reason or the other

I remember hearing about this.

No

Nobody does that no one does that women soccer players get paid less than male 

Ever except for archery archery is the only co-ed sport in the Olympics or anywhere

There's no difference between the sexes, but 
 
Or the women play five sets but I think there are things that men do better than women and women do better than men I mean personally I was actually have this discussion with my my my boss last week firefighters they have a different test for women and for men it should be the same test as men have to be because frankly if I'm a big girl I'm six feet tall and 200 pounds someone who's no offense like a woman who's taller and slighter I'm sorry you're smaller than I'm sorry

Um but if a woman is her size and she passes the female test, but didn't pass the male test I'm not gonna be comfortable being saved from a burning building by someone who's 5'4'' and 150 pounds because frankly she's not gonna be able to pick me up and throw me over her shoulder, and I think that having there should be the same test I think the women should be made to hit the same there's a reason those standards are there and everybody should have to hit them not just men so I think that's not really discrimination so much as necessary, but I know a lot of people see oh, that's discrimination they're not firemen anymore, they're firefighter, and blah, blah, blah, blah when it comes to stuff like that it's not so much discrimination, and I think a lot of times America's way too P.C. or maybe the world's way too P.C. when it comes to those because sorry political correctness isn't always the most important thing

I mean would you feel comfortable having you know having a 5'8'' woman who

You know saving you? from a burning building? or you know, tackling down the the the guy who's trying to kill you

How well the team is doing as a whole

I don't know if it's gonna change as soon as you think as soon as people think

No offense, but I think still men get that they get that push they get that you know women are still expected to stay home with kids I could never imagine myself staying home with kids never never in a million years

Yeah I remember this.

It drove me crazy when I heard it.

He said that women women shouldn't be in the math and science fields because they can't understand it they can't process it and they never will

Yes and 

But, I mean what's the main goal when you grow up as a guy when you know you're expected to have a job and you know bring home the money and have a family we're expected to stay home with the kids and raise them 

Right, I'm not saying every family, but the majority of society I mean I still have people saying cause I I have like a ten year plan for my life, and people are like well aren't you gonna get married? aren't you gonna have kids?

I'm like yeah, but I'm not staying I have a plan like that doesn't like I I deserve just as much right as anybody else
That's oh I'm sorry

So did I, we have the same thing

Yeah

You know what if you want to stay home and take care of the kids, that's what you want to do I am still expected to stay home my family is very traditional you know my my Mom didn't neither of my parents went to college, but my Mom stayed home and took care of the kids and my Dad worked my Mom had a job in and my Dad ended up asking her to quit stay home with us, evn though you know I was nine could take care of my little brother whatever sore spot, but I'm still expected to get married, and settled down and have children and you know stay home and once they've gone to college and graduated, I can pick up my life again and that's ridiculous I think socially that's the main that's still what's seen as socially acceptable for a woman to be

Oh, absolutely that's fine, but I don't think that should be the only norm that there is, and right now that is still the socially acceptable norm that's the only one

But I also think that if people think that if you don't get married and have children you don't have a full life, and if you are a women who's older and have success, but you're a spinster because you don't have a family

Just in general I'm not saying everybody thinks that way

I've never been to the west coast, so I can't really

Indiana

Is that what she wants though?

That's fine absolutely great she's doing what she wants

Actually, my high school the teachers gave that mentality the girls were like do whatever the hell you want my valedictorian didn't go to college

She decided the past two years the valedictorian didn't go to college she didn't want to she wanted to stay home she wanted to have a family one of them is married already

I'm just not gonna have that discussion right now.

Oh absolutely

Traditional mentality

I'm trying to, and you know what I don't date I've never dated, and I get in college people look at me like I'm crazy when I say I don't date and I'm like I have more important things to do than and that's personally for me, that's my choice but, having to explain myself to people for that choice drives me absolutely crazy, and I think that if a guy didn't date no one would I know guys that don't date, I know guys that are very open with the fact that they don't date, but they don't get questioned about it I mean one of my friends is an engineer major he studies, he doesn't date he goes out, he hangs out with us, but he doesn't date, and he never gets asked a question but I'm like oh people have asked me what's wrong with you why don't you date? like I've gotten that question , what's wrong with you? Don't you want to have a family? Don't you want to have kids? And I'm like 

Oh, I still got asked in high school all the time why I didn't date but I hung out then I hung out with my guy friends they don't date, and nobody says a word so it's it's just this problem there's always problems there's always going to be problems

But, it's just something that I think more people need to be aware of people don't think about it

Be there
 
No, I'd run the other way.

I it's people have tried I've run the other way because I'm like I have shit to do that's more important than frankly dating in college seems pretty frivolous to me because I don't think that you're gonna stay with anybody you meet in college the majority of people the majority of people aren't gonna stay with somebody and it's kind of 

That's that's fine it's kind of my feeling is that I haven't grown up yet there's a lot of changing I'm gonna do in my 20's there's no way in hell that I have the time or energy to waste on something that's not gonna matter

Listen, I've had one relationship.

No, I said I don't date now as in

I never said I haven't dated.

It was an it was a physically and emotionally abusive relationship I've been through that it's never gonna happen again

It's just I think that maybe that's personally part of why I have such an opinion about it which is just absolutely possible and probably is, but that's 

It is increasing it's still really nominal because even single parents a lot of times they're still looking for the man to bring home it's still a mentality that's there and it always will be there, but I think that people don't think about it because it makes them uncomfortable, and people don't think about what makes them uncomfortable the don't talk about it they don't think about it they just kind of sweep it under the rug it's there but

Exactly no that's exactly what I'm saying all these topics are things that generally people don't talk about I mean I don't know I talk about a lot of this stuff I talk about with my friends, but I think that our situation and our college is I mean not completely because when I said something yesterday about the shooting at Virginia Tech people were like wait, what happened? and I mean this is at eight o'clock at night

I'm gonna agree with you.

Drinking

But, you know what? I've been to schools that are worse than this.

Go to Ohio State.

Go to Ohio State, go to Illinois go to

Penn State's a huge party school.

Personally, I hang out with people that do care. I'm gonna make my make my effort to hang out with people that do talk about this we do talk about this this is what we talk about we don't sit around talk about oh you know I kicked your ass in Halo last night once in a while, yeah because I hang out with guys and they play Halo that's what they do, but you know we also like my friend Jimmy and I had this huge debate about abortion about a week and a half ago, and I mean we had an academic completely academic debate and 

I do it with my friends I do it all the time I do it with my parents

You know everyone at that breakfast was sitting around you wasted

and you're having there are people you just have to search it out and I think that I'm personally going to try to make an effort to talk about this with people other than people who are in my group

And since I've done this I've been doing it more

Nobody says anything.

Which is ridiculous and I mean

You'd think they'd put something out in the Newshound although we did get an email from Father [inaudible] which who reads them?

How many people were there though?

Or was it extra credit for class?

I showed up when I I think the week they were doing all the stuff about the gay gene, etcetera, etcetera I couldn't go to most of them because I was in class, but the one's I did go to the small turnout boggled my mind the same thing with the Holocaust

Boggled my mind do people not care? I mean do they not realize that if we forget these things that they're gonna happen again like 

Exactly

It drives but that's honestly that's almost any college any private, expensive college

Honestly, a lot of the community colleges like if I go home and I go to visit my friends up at New Paul's they don't really care either

I'm just saying, there should be people they should care not that it's right that they don't it boggles my mind

I think a lot of our generation just doesn't care.

A lot of our generation doesn't give a shit.

Maybe it's just

I don't think so I think it's a lot of people though I think a lot of people want to ignore it

They don't want to talk about it.

You bring up you bring up a subject and like people change the subject like almost automatically

It's taboo to talk about it doesn't matter it doesn't apply to me

Oh Ok did anybody see anything about a I organized something for a self-injury awareness day I did this with Psi Chi 

Um self injury awareness day

It's not this emo 15 year old blah, blah, blah kid thing it's not

No, self injury self harm um it was like pulling teeth in Psi Chi which is a psychology honor's society to get anyone to do anything

Exactly I mean I you're supposed to wear orange just that's what it is we had posters all over campus I saw four people including myself four people guess who those were? Those were my friends those were my friends who could find orange one of them wore a shirt made of orange post-its

But, that effort needs to be put in by more than four people, and that's anything I mean look at how big denim day is on our campus, and that's just because everybody wears denim everyday

Exactly it's just gonna be a normal day I mean it's gotta be something that's that's set apart

Oh, absolutely, but see how these topics all blend together? They all have this underlying thing of it effects everybody.

I think we need to start them like I tried to start something last year I tried to start a debating club no one was interested not one person ran it in the Greyhound everything

But that's horrible.

It's honestly it's a generational thing

I chose Loyola Ok the people that I knew here that I had met they seemed like the kind of people they seemed like a lot of the friends that I'm friends with now, and a lot of the professors I'm friends with my professors

And, a lot of people 

My professors will talk about this stuff a lot of my professors but then some of the other classes I've taken are like they won't 

My psych class now, I tried to bring stuff up about self-injury and he's like my psych professor I'm not gonna say who he is, but literally was just like well that's you know an adolescent problem and I'm very open with the fact that I have self-harmed for over eight years, and I still struggle with it and it's an addiction that needs to be addressed, and I know people who are thirties and successful and have problems with self-harm it's like anything else, but my professor blew it off as an adolescent thing and when someone who has a degree does that it makes it acceptable for kids who are our age to blow it off to not care about the issues, and I think it's not just our generation it's the generation above us that says, Ok only the things I care about are relevant so it's trickled down and I think it's absolutely relevant to what we're talking about because our parents didn't fight about again our parents don't they're like Ok woman is supposed to come home and get married or a man's supposed to bring home the money it's trickled down from them to us, and since it's not a problem with them, it's not a problem for us or to the majority of people anyway

You know the scary part that when it comes to gender things I've actually had a discussion with my guy friends and they're just like yeah well you know it really doesn't exist and I'm like are you kidding
Like, you're a bio major you're a chem. major you're an engineering major, and it doesn't really exist? How many girls are in your class? Like

A psych major with a photo minor
 
Psych generally is a pretty good department here. Most of the professors aren't idiots so you know

Or in the psych department, or in the history department

But, we have we have good humanities so 

Have you taken Dr. Moore yet? 

Wait. That's all I have to say when it comes to chem.

