I think when it comes to like a legal union absolutely um when it comes to being able to get a spouse's pension being able to get healthcare den-, dent- , dentistry ah sorry dental care etceteras and when it comes to tax issues absolutely, there's no reason that they shouldn't be able to and, when it comes to religious that's a different thing completely, and I don't think it should be brought in although I know it is a lot, especially in our country which is so heavily Christian which you know separation of church and state please um

Yes, unfortunately, idealistically idealistically the religion has nothing to do with it this is I mean at a lot of and I know I've heard arguments for it that are that say, oh you know they're more frivolous and their unions are shorter and fifty percent of all marriages end in divorce nowadays so really not a valid argument
 
At city hall

Did anyone hear about a meeting at Washington state they wanted to pass they um  the government in the state was saying that the reason that they didn't want gay marriage was because they couldn't have children or they had no intent to have children without artificial insemination so the um GLBT community in the area uh wrote up a bill saying, OK if the heterosexual couple is planning not to have children or cannot have children they can't get married either which, honestly they did it to make a point they didn't do it to get the law passed, but it makes so much sense 

Cause these arguments that are made against gay marriage

There isn't. 

My reaction to that? Or just in general?

They didn't petition, they they just kinda wrote it up and spread it around it never actually went through they were trying to make a point

Yeah, I was just gonna say

I mean look at um what his name? from uh 

No, not Matthew Shepherd

Yeah, well, exactly the priest who's been going around saying that all the deaths in the Iraq war are because America accepts homosexuals

Same guy who you saw the play uh Laramie Project, right? The signs you know who I'm talking about?

That's the priest, it's an actual man um I can't remember his name I just read it like three hours ago uh I can't remember his name, but um but cause people that's actually a big mentality in our country though it doesn't seem like it because we are in this urban environment and we are especially in our school there's a huge if not gay, lesbian population it's very accepting here

Or from L.A.

I'm not, two of my gay friends are. But, you're either from the coast, you're not really from 

Oh, absolutely.

It just changes from year to year which it is

Either although technically I mean then we have the things called common law marriage should that be applied? Because technically, if a woman and a man live in a house for I think seven years federally, they're married common law marriage is still in effect it's a law that's still on the books

I think it's seven years, it may be more I could be wrong, but I know that if you live in the same house and you're not related you're technically married, and if you split off you separate the assets

I don't even honestly who's Tim Robbins?

Unless it's the speaker 

I honestly don't. This is gonna sound really bad I don't watch a lot of movies from this decade I watch old movies, so uh like Humphrey Bogart, Carey Grant I'm great but, I have no idea who that is um but, it's a common law marriage so would that apply like would it apply? Because then I mean obviously if it's homosexual people who are just living together um would it apply would common law marriage things like that apply? 

Well, obviously. But, I'm saying, what so you guys think? Like if you think, it works if they'd have to like do you get what I'm saying am I making sense?

So when does that happen? When does that happen when everybody agrees?

It's blatant discrimination with a lot of things I mean there's still blatant discrimination with my father's from Germany, right? There's still blatant discrimination against him, we've gone into restaurants and people have wouldn't have talked to him because he's German we've gone to like Gold's Deli I don't know if any of you my Dad has a very thick German accent, so he's gotten it's everywhere it just doesn't it just depends on who the person 

I know. Most people who think they're thinking are really just rearranging their prejudices so

Well, there's also the whole thing that if they've now found that what they think is the gay gene do you guys know I didn't get to it I had class, but I've read his rating before. The whole problem with that is every single church in existence is going to have to completely rewrite what they're saying I mean how cause technically alright, speaking Catholic, ok? 

Yes oh wanna bet?

Well cause there's still there's still I don't know when it comes to religion  cause this is one of the cardinal sins you know? homosexuality is one of the huge sins but technically everyone's born with original sin, right? so, and they're baptized, they get forgiven this is from the Catholic point of view

I'm not Catholic, but Catholic high school, Catholic junior high, Catholic college it's kind of gotten in my head

Um  so would it be forgiven already? if you're Catholic and you've been baptized?

Cause you're born if, if it's genetic, and you're born with it how can you have a genetic predisposition to a sin that somebody else doesn't have they're gonna have to completely rethink things, and when it comes to evolution it's a little different I think it's a different kind of thing

Mmmm I think this is more about the people in the church

Oh, no, that's what baptism is you can get rid of original sin

Oh, it also the Catholic Church opposed the fork so

Yeah, they opposed utensils. 

It was a very long time ago, but still ok this is they change that's what I'm saying things can change they do change look at Vatican two look at what you know some sects actually won't admit that it happened, but that's a different thing all together the Catholic Church is so interesting

There's also the argument that who says that kids are being perverted by parents who are close-minded and racist and you know any other number of things who's to say 

Yeah, exactly and who's to say it's a perversion? who's to say it's just not natural? you are yes it's nature and nurture it's not one or the other it's both it's not white, it's not black, it's gray that's another situation where there is no black and white

It happens, it happens

To be honest, I don't think people would because just because of the way it's looked at in our society just the stigma that comes with it which is I'm not saying it's right, but \

I don't think genetic altering in in ugh  just mmm  totally different situation just totally different mmm

Well, yeah, you could if it's a recessive gene, you could

Yeah, left hand is recessive, red hair is recessive, blue eyes, blonde hair, light eyes are recessive so if you have recessive gene, you could pass anything so it's anything that's genetic can be tweaked theoretically they don't have the science to do it all yet, but they could

That's exactly what I was about to say

Ok, I want every kid I'm gonna have to have blue haired

Blonde-haired, blue-eyed, white skin or red head, green eyes you know like 

I think that's just messing with nature.

A little too much?  A lot too much. 

Well they can't they can't change when it comes to things like that I think what you're thinking of is in the future right now, the only they can do is abort the child  they can't fix autism or down's syndrome they can't do that not yet anyway

But, like who gives you the right to go in a tweak with somebody's genetics?

But, I think I would be furious I'm not gonna lie that was that when you said that my first thought was like I would be furious my actual first thought was oh, I'm an expatriate

I'm moving to Europe.

But

I'm dead serious. I was a German citizen until I turned eighteen I would go get my German citizenship back I would give like I would be living in Germany that that's just I think that's way too 

Exactly ok, if they do that they have to say, ok Catholics can only marry Catholics Christians can only marry Christians Jews can only marry blondes can only marry blondes brunettes can only marry like it's that kind of thing it's not only the religion it's more the genetics it's just like how dare you tell someone how to live their life and, I don't mean cause this isn't hurting anyone

It's not hurting anyone. 

Like now people and a lot of people a lot of gay relationships that aren't technically unions want to adopt and they can't because they won't a lot of places won't even the Federal government won't give up children to families that are or to people that are homosexual which just boggles my mind

Because there's so many people there's so many children that could have homes where they're loved and stable and taken care of and because people are close-minded they don't that just doesn't make sense

It's ok

Throw it on the table. Poker

I've heard that also, actually.

Which makes sense

I can actually really vouch for that because with my parents my parents, my Dad and my brother me and my Mom so there's always the split now that my brother is old enough, and I'm old enough there's the split oh, it's a woman thing oh, it's a man thing and I can totally see where that makes absolute sense because there's always the fact that we're oh, we have to stay home because I'm the woman, and you're working because you're the man kinda thing and it doesn't happen it wouldn't happen

And, if you think about it technically they're not allowed to be listed as next of kin if they're not married they can't be married as next of kin um I had a I know a situation where my friend's uncle he had a life partner and he died and he wasn't allowed at the funeral because the family didn't want him there he wasn't allowed to say goodbye he wasn't allowed to get keep anything from the house he was evicted from the house he wasn't allowed to take anything no memories, no photos, no nothing because he didn't have any rights when it came to it and , it's just they had been together for forty-five years, forty-five years, and they had no they gave him no rights 

It's longer than most marriages now.

I know, but like it's just he had no rights whatsoever he didn't nothing, nothing didn't get his pension didn't get anything it just ugh doesn't make sense so we're all kind of in agreement about the whole it's ok it doesn't hurt anyone why not have it?

I mean, what changed your mind when you met your friends? I mean is it just the way they did you have an opinion about how gay people were in general or

Oh, some people of any group do that.

Everyone

So you were the first people he came out to, or?

I mean I think when you have traditional in any culture it's gonna shake the shake the walls a little bit so cause like oh my God, if I even like if anyone in my family ever told my grandmother that they oi I just went Yiddish for a second, I apologize um but, I mean it just it was a whole just complete, automatic turn-around for you or did it take time? I'm just curious

You still friends with him?

Definitely and I mean the fact that his mother sent him to a therapist because something was wrong ugh

You're lying to yourself

I was really lucky, my high school um it was an all girls school, but anyone that was was very open with who they were and I two of my best friends from my high school are dating, and I am so happy to finally see them together because they danced around it for four years but we all kinda knew, and it didn't really matter we were I feel really lucky to have had that environment because there was nobody that was shunned for anything in that kind of situation

New York City

Which I absolutely know that's why

And I feel absolutely lucky for it because

Where are you guys from?

What part of Pennsylvania are you from?

My Mom grew up in Lancaster. That's all I have to say.

Ok, yeah so 

Well, I've had situations like that too, actually um  my uh one of my best friends back home came out to her family she lived in um  Stroudsburg kicked her out of the house I mean it's she came to live with her step Mom who got divorced from her Dad she accepted her it's completely different in other parts of the world

The rest of the world with a lot of things in general really America's kind of puritan a little bit you know like it's the 21st Century um and it's just it' scary thought sometimes to just think about how different the majority of our country thinks about it it's scary I don't know about you guys it scares the shit out of me

Excuse my language, but it just does

It just changes I mean it was when immigrants first came it was the Irish and the Russian, and now it's the then it went to the African American then it went to well, it was African American and then it was African American again you know it's just and also you know it's against women and then in some places against men and it just it just changes 

I don't listen to George Carlin I'm a Christopher Titus [inaudible] fan, myself so 

Ok, English doesn't English doesn't 

Other countries borrow form other languages English English follows other languages into the alley and then beats them and then looks through their pockets for loose grammar

But, go for it.
