 They put it on the internet.

 It's public the internet is a public place, it's just as public as saying something in the middle of the street. Put it out there to be seen.

 Same here

 Why?

 But, we can bring it into tapping phones it's the same kind of thing
 
 Umm I have had

 Yeah, but what about you never know

 Same thing with internet well you do the same thing with the phone companies but, it's still public you're putting it out there it's still public same thing with IM's like I don't talk on the phone so I've had more important conversations through Myspace, through things like messages on Facebook and email and IM's and personally I know that if I'm putting something onto the internet somebody's gonna see it it's also saved on my hard drive no matter how many times I try to wipe it and somebody that knows how to do it they can hack in and see anything, and they can do the same thing with the phones so how do you differentiate between what's public and what's not?

 Which is stupidity, but

 It's still public air waves, right?

 What about the phone tapping that happened after 9-11?

 School lines or personal ones? Not our cell phones, but the school owns our room phones.

 Ok, that's 

 I never use my room phone, but I'm saying just in general they own them they have the right we give our rights away when we come here it's a private institution we give our rights away at the door. They can do anything they want. 

 Same thing though mmm

 I wouldn't say home phones in high school

 Well, just in general, do you think the internet is public? I mean anything you put on the internet I it's not just email I mean it's not just emails Facebook, Myspace, Flicker whatever you want to say

 Xanga whatever it is it's all public Internet Explorer, MSN

 Somebody who has five minutes of a hacking course can access your IM's and your emails from your last you know four years um  so that's public, right?

 So, is it right that they get like ok maybe not the school shooting right? but, a girl from my high school got expelled for having a picture on her Myspace of her drinking

 I went to an all-girls, Catholic high school

 Mmhmm.

 It was a long situation because there was a group they did a Myspace group called the Villa Gorillas I went to we were the Villa Gorillas

 St. John Villa Academy High School for girls if you do track, you know us other than that, probably not cause we were the only sport that mattered

 All I have to say right now um no, but so there was a picture of the principal on the group and that's how they found her Myspace she did nothing on the school computer's, but there's pictures of her basically when she came what they said was when she came into Villa she was representing Villa, and what she was putting out in public was not what they was against what Villa was about and she was given a chance to take it down and she wouldn't because she said it's public and it's mine it's really not hers because she's putting it out there first but on another term from that, what about employers? Because employers now look at Myspace and Facebook they look at Facebook now

 But, I'm not saying school officials employers completely different situation

 Do they? That's what I'm saying.

 Really?

 Uh huh love sports

 Ok, same thing ok

 Dr. Moore?

 Dr. Moore is so cool sorry 

 They have more things they should be worrying about first of all

 What she said?

 Well, they do searches for specific phrases and words they just do sweeps
 Um and I could see where that would come in

 I mean, if it's just something inflammatory like I hate Bush or I hate what's going on with our government or I hate what's going on with this war

 Every liberal house in America or not in every liberal house every college house um, but

 No, I lost you know how you're brain is just going and then shhh, that's what happened so it's not your fault um 

 Cause there's the threat and then there's inflammatory.

 And it sounds like what that was wasn't a threat. To give you an example, I applied for a job um in the city uh last oh, for Christmas and my employer looked at my Myspace she put my name in to Google she Googled me and my Myspace came up now I have a picture I do um pole dancing for exercising cause I don't know if you've guys heard of it's ridiculous

 Like ridiculous exercise

 No, I yes, but it's not

 I'm wearing gym clothes.

 It's you have it's basically you're lifting your entire body weight with your arms I lost twenty pounds in a week and a half it's insane, and my muscles were ridiculous I just but, my employer saw the picture and she goes she wanted to ask me about it and first my first thought was oh shit what she ended up asking was where did I go to do it, but do they have that right to question you about what you put on there?

 Well, no I agree but like so it's the same thing did they have the right to expel her for having a picture of her with a bottle of beer she was in Mexico, so technically where she was she was legal but, she had the picture on there and she wasn't [inaudible]

 She got she still got expelled so

 Community and privacy are two different things though you know you can have community and have privacy

 I think well I don't agree with that

 I think more 

 And I've seen you around campus before I haven't see you guys at least that I remember I remember her hair so

 Sorry, I love red hair so it's not you I'm jealous of you so that's all
 Well, it is you, but it's not you. But, what I'm thinking is what's more important, safety or privacy?  I mean big brother's watching in our day and age I don't think he really is

 Well, what about when it comes to let's completely don't think about school what's more important your safety or your privacy? Should the government be able to look into what you have like technically if the can look at your Myspace and technically the government has enough talent people that can hack your computer like that if they see one thing on your Myspace that tweaks their interest or a blog or on something they can hack

 Your computer's not private. So, I'm saying if they see one phrase that makes them think hmm, I wonder they can technically they have the power 

 I'm talking about your computer you put one thing on the internet and that tweaks their interest they can without talking to you technically, it's illegal, but they can do it anyway and we all know that not everything that happens with the government is completely legal um they can hack your computer like that they can look at all your files anything

 Technically, they would have to have it, but they wouldn't have to talk to you for them to get them for it the could get it without speaking to you and you wouldn't even know it

 They have to be present. Someone has to be present. When it comes to this, you don't even have to know because they can go into your computer and not even leave a trace.

 Personally, I'm one for when it comes to certain things when it comes to unless there's an army knocking down my door let me deal with my own safety just give me my privacy that's my view I want my privacy, I'm a very when it comes to things that I want to keep to myself, I keep them to myself I mean obviously I'm very opinionated and I speak my mind, but there are things that I keep to myself that I wouldn't want anybody to know and I personally write on my computer I write better on my computer my ideas flow better I have a journal on my computer I have things that I would never want anybody else to read so, who gives anybody that right to come onto my computer? You know? Cause to me that's a breach of privacy that's as bad as somebody searching my house. 

 Do you all just see what I'm saying though in that I'd rather deal with my own safety.

 I'd rather have my own privacy. Which, a lot of people think that I'm crazy, and that I really don't understand what I'm saying, but 

 I think I agree with you. When it comes to things that I literally when it's on the internet, it's public information, but if it's on if it's not on the internet they you're computer can be connected to the internet, but it's on your computer it's not been put out there for others to see that's private there's a block there

 So

 When I think privacy issues, I think the phone tap after 9-11 that's my automatic thought I don't think about the internet because that's public information, but do if there's even an iota of suspicion, should they be able to tap our phones?
 
 But who decides that?

 Who decides but, that's the problem the problem is it's too objective who decides? like who decides who we tap who decides what's a legitimate reason?

 There's no real standards is what I'm saying.

 There still isn't really a standard for when it comes to search warrants it's up to the judge

 So is that is that a good system or should it be fixed? like personally I think there's a problem with it that it needs to be fixed there needs to be a standard because somebody can one judge can say you can search this house because you heard him say that he hates Bush and then another judge can say, well just because you heard him say that he has a cache of guns you can't search his house because it's not a real reason like it's all obj- it's subjective

 Well we have standardized testing everybody's so different like this is a totally different situation, but in general it's the whole individual versus standardized thing you can't really you have to have a standard you have to have

 Oh, I know I know I'm just

 I'm just giving an example to show like the whole difference, like there is a standard there has to be a cut-off point where yes, a search warrant is automatically needed no matter who judges if this person was overheard or this person was seen with something that like when it comes to there has to  be a cut-off point

 Oh, I agree.

 I'm not saying its right, I'm just kid of playing the devil's advocate here. Um, to get things rolling um I don't know

 Oh, dear me.

 Well, here's the difference, when you go to a school that's a private institution you're you check your rights at the door, but when you come into this country, you don't  when you come into this country, you get your rights so do they have the same rights as a school does?

 Public and private they're still 

 Well, yeah it's the same thing because like the locker it's all public property at the school the school at catholic school you check your rights at the door when you go to that school because they're admitting you you have to go by their rules that's why their allowed to punish you detention, etcetera, etcetera
 Oh no, I agree with you.

 I think, when it comes to schools, you have no rights because you checked your rights at the door you've given them you've given yourself over to them what I'm saying is you don't do that when you come into our country

 You don't give up your rights, so how does that

 Government like it's kind of a paradox

 To take away your rights

 It's all kind of intertwined kind of mushed all together you can't really separate it it's all you know I don't know I'm kind of like losing articulation
 
 I've been up since six don't know why I went for a run before my eight a.m. class that was stupid

 I don't think there is really a line cause when it comes to that it's you give up your rights when you come to school you have to obey by their rules and, you know a school shooting is definitely outside the rules

 Talking in school public space you know if he was if the kid was overheard or I don't know honestly do we even know if the Myspace if the school officials found it or if he was reported by somebody else? We don't know and you know informants it's also an invasion of privacy, but those are your friends so

 Well, here's the other problem you can't look at bulletins unless you're somebody's friend you don't see their bulletins do you guys have Myspace?

 You do?

 You do? Right you have to be somebody's friend you don't get bulletins from them unless you're a friend you don't just see it on their profile so it either had to be a blog post or somebody turned them in so really there's no question of privacy because they told somebody that they told their friends, and their friends turned them in there's really no question of privacy because the school officials really didn't have anything to do with it there because also the blogs you have to be friends most of the time to read them

 You can, but not with the bulletins.

 And, if it was a bulletin, which is what she said only the people on your friend's list can see it so kinda takes the whole I mean there's difference between like you can write a Facebook and, but then again there's the security on Facebook like only people that can see my page are my friends if you're not my friend no matter if you're in my network or not, you can't even search for me my friend Tess did it last night she went to high school with me, so we're both you know in the same network and she searched for me, and some girl in another state came up and the only Valerie Hart in the U.S. and she's like well you exist, and you're on Facebook but she even looked through our mutual friends who I'm friends with on Facebook list and I'm not on there so you can tweak your security settings so people can't find you

 So, where does the privacy end? because you can put layers and layers and layers and layers on

 Personally, I have it for one reason one reason only to keep people from to find classmates if I need to

 Oh, absolutely.

 Last year or the year before?

 Ok yeah that's the first year it came out

 It's also completely different now than it was then because

 And completely different than it was last year or you guys freshman or?

 Freshman, or you a freshman?

 See, I'm a sophomore. Last year was completely different you couldn't be on Facebook unless you were in college, and then high school was over the summer

 And then now it's open to everybody

 And, it's it was a lot safer I think it was a lot safer before

 Now it's like Myspace.

 And honestly, the only reason I have Myspace is because my cousins in Germany don't have Facebook.

 I'm assuming I think so yeah

 And then change

 But you've never met them

 Which is scary

 I mean honestly I think I don't know anybody I know everybody and I know everybody on Facebook who's on my friends list I don't know you you aren't on my friends list because

 No, the scary part was I um I got messaged from this guy who I hadn't seen in eight years I got friended, and I was like whoa somebody can find me that easy that scares me like I'm not even listed in the phonebook cause I'm like I don't like if I don't want you to find me if I want you to find me, I'll give you my number that scared me I don't like to be found that easy it's just like creepy almost because it completely changed our culture the internet in general completely changed our culture, but I mean how many people now talk on the phone every night? like it used to be you gab on the phone to your girlfriends or your guy friends or not really guy friends

 But like like you know what I'm saying? In high school, we called our friends not me because I got home at midnight, but track but, you know you don't do that anymore now you just turn on a computer and you talk to eight different people at one time

 I think my record was no I think my record was twenty boxes open at once because I was doing three different group projects and then I was talking to my cousins, and my brother, and my Mom have you ever instant messaged with your parents because it's frickin hysterical

 It's funny my Mom writes like whole paragraphs 

 I mean it's a generational thing that we're worried about privacy so much because did our parents have to worry about it? I mean our Mom's had to be worried about their diary being read by others we have to worry about our diary being read by the entire world just a thought



