I think in terms of like what you call it versus like the state versus the church  like there is a separation of church and state. And even  I know the Catholic church doesn't necessarily  if you get married not like in a physical church  like you can't do that within the Catholic Church.  So there's like a difference between  you have to get married you get legally married and you're also married by the church, so  

Uh huh, Yea, so  But like if you get married like by the state or like by a judge or something like that  that or like the marriage certificate that you get that's called a marriage certificate  but you still  if you want to get married in the Catholic Church have to do like the whole Catholic Church thing on top of that so  I think like that a gay marriage would just be  obviously you wouldn't have the catholic church aspect of it but you would just like have the legal part  so I think it could still be called a marriage because 

Back to what you were saying about  um  like it being a state thing versus a federal thing  um  if it's  like if gay marriage is legal  in like a couple of states  like  is that enough? Like could people who want to get married  could they just like go to that state? Or is it gonna be 

Oh is that it? 

Right, yea yea.

Do you think maybe it's like for tax purposes and everything you have to be living in that state?

Or  Cause otherwise  then like it  it seems  like if it is recognized  I mean if it is  I don't know  on the one hand it seems like it's weird that it wouldn't be recognized in other states but  on the other hand if it is recognized by other states then could you just go that one state and get married and then go back to where you were? Like  and then like why would we need a whole bunch of states to legalize it? I don't know. 

You can just read and take things in certain ways. 

well I think the Catholic church is like  the most outspoken against it which is why  like  it's always like  pinned on the Catholic church as opposed to it  or like outwardly opposed to it  I'm kinda changing the subject  but  um  I believe that there's a law  like if two people are living together  for like

Yea  seven years  then they're like considered legally married  um  now like  they wouldn't be considered married by the Catholic church  but they'd be considered legally married 

So   would like the same rule apply to  like two males that are living together  I mean  I guess not  but if  if that  like  what about in a state where gay marriage is legal  would that law apply? And then  if so  like how do you distinguish like  let's just say there's just like two roommates  that are just living together  then  they like wind up being considered married  and like  I think that's like more for taxation purposes than for anything else but  with the separation of  like church and state there's a difference between a legal marriage and a marriage in  the church  so  if you really want to talk about a separation of church and state you can take  all the Catholic church's opposition and all that and move that over to the church side and then when you're left with the state marriage  like  I don't  like what you were saying  I don't see how you can say they can't be married.

Yea

uh-huh

On what basis is he pushing for this? Does anyone know?

That's very true

Uh-huh

And what's interesting too  like you have people who are very much opposed to it  but I think that  alright  hold on  let me start over   um  you have people who gay marriage would actually apply to and that would only be gay people  and then you have  of like all the heterosexual people you have people w ho are very much opposed to it and other people who even though they wouldn't really affected by any laws  like allowing or like  being against gay marriage they still realize that like  even though it doesn't affect them they also at the same time don't have a right to prevent it  so  I think that there's like the majority of the people would fall into  like  not like the huge opposition category  so I don't think that law could ever really get passed

Uh-huh

I think we're all pretty much [inaudible]

inaudible


