Do you like memorize these questions?

I think things like we talked about gay marriage before a lot of people are for it, but the Catholic Church isn't and if the catholic church were they'd probably be fine with it. So, maybe that's one aspect where they could just generally go more with the 21st century view of things.

I think the beliefs are fine, but it's more of like how they practice them.

Well, I don't know it's just the Catholic Church reputation for being like close-minded.
 
Well I mean that's the problem with like every religion I think. People just cling to a part of it until it really [inaudible]

But there's more to being a catholic than

A lot of people think that since they go to church every weekend like they're set. But, that's also another way you can misinterpret it.

But, you do other things

So you think it's like a more personality thing?
 
What do you mean by fundamentalist Christian? 

Like Catholics? Extreme Catholics?

Do they claim to be Catholic though?

I feel like in views like that like more political views like gay marriage, abortion, things like that if the catholic church has to change their views on that then every other denomination has to change their views on that.

So

So when it says like change their ways I feel like they are referring to priesthood, and priests not being able to marry and no women priests things like that

Yeah well I'm just saying I feel like change your ways can't apply to like principles stuff like that Cause then like every person in the world that feels that gays shouldn't be allowed to marry has to change the way they think about it ya know?

I mean basically our society is moving towards gender equality and women's rights and things like that but

Ok to have Catholicism opposed to that seems like counterproductive towards society's rules so
Don't you think less and less people will become Catholic?

But then

That's just because our society's so accepting of women and if other things change in out society like we become more accepting of gay marriage then we'd probably want the catholic church to change it

But then honestly I don't think it's like taking away from the religion that women can't be priests. That may be sexist but I'm a girl and I don't think that women should be priests

Yeah kind of

Yeah, I mean I think it's like unfair to the women that want to be priests but I don't think like it's gonna bring like

Yeah but I don't think that it would necessarily bring anything more to

Yeah

Yeah, but to combat it the only thing to do would be to let women be priests [inaudible]

If it took that long for the catholic church to change that aspect I think

I think women priests is a whole different can of worms.

And I mean even in the bible in the old testament the person that was considered a priest is one who gives a sacrifice for a community and like all you hear about is men in the bible that did that.

So obviously, if the catholic church is gonna base their practice on what is biblical and what is biblical obviously men are head of the family they are head of most things

That was the problem with the Protestant church. 

I mean it could have helped like honestly you don't' know but like at the same time there are men that are married that still are like pedophiles so

It's a contributing factor

Yeah I feel like it's more at the fault of the Priest than it is with the religion cause

Because if you have those feelings anyways then you have no business being a priest.

Any psych majors? diathesis-stress model?

Um it's you inherit the risk of developing a psychological disorder and it may or may not be triggered by the environment. So obviously priesthood would be the nurturing environment

No, you're predisposed towards pedophilia not towards priesthood.

That would

So changing that one point of view it would attract more people to priesthood but then it would be sacrificing one of the principles of the religion
