That is.

Better sober, or better high?

Yeah. You said better sober 

That's so scary  yeah

Well, also like you have 

I was gonna say we don't have like a fair means of comparison because one is legal and one is not so there's the whole like adventuresome behavior of trying marijuana that's not really associated with alcohol because it's legal.

Well for college students overall.

Yeah, but alcohol becomes legal, and marijuana doesn't.

That also says that people  if pot was so easy to find that they were still looking for alcohol  that says that you're looking for what you can't have. So that's partially why people want to legalize marijuana  cause they can't have it

Um  like the fact that marijuana was so available  no I'm sorry  yeah, and that alcohol wasn't but people still were looking for alcohol  shows that you're looking for what you can't have.

Well you're talking about people who didn't smoke and just wanted 

Oh ok, I missed something.

It's effects will.

Well, how do you get it then?

Stipulations.

The pot

Yeah, the drink is like under 16

When we had to write about this  I wrote about  um  like the addictive qualities of marijuana  because you don't really have that with alcohol  well, you have it with alcohol  I'm sorry  but it's the fact that marijuana is like a gateway drug so it gets you onto worse things whereas alcohol  if you develop a problem with alcohol, it's only with alcohol

That's true.
But it's still addictive

You don't think it's addictive?

I think it's more of like the taboo of doing drugs  like once you've done it  like once you've done pot  you're not scared of like cocaine or heroin or anything else

But if you drink, if you do alcohol  you could still very well be scared of drugs

Make it better for what?

Right, but you're still addicted to it.

He said that? To the teacher in the class?

He did really say that to her?

Alcohol is a genetic disease though, it's not all about self-control. Part

But, it's very physical  the addiction is physical and people just spiral out of control  like if you're an alcoholic and you relapse  you can't stop

Well, that's not the same as alcohol  I guess

Alcohol is definitely a physical and psychological addiction.

Sounds like the same effects as alcohol.

Well you're still high  you're just not like displaying the signs of it  it's still in your body

Yeah, that's a good way to put it.

Can they?

There's really things that they know only marijuana can help  or so far  they can help  I think that's definitely a benefit.

Rationalizations?

Also with alcohol it's federal [inaudible]. Well actually, this is kinda weird. I heard the age for alcohol used to be like 18 or whatever  and then 

[inaudible] and then they offered states money  who made it 21  so like for almost every state it was better  it was more profitable

I think on the federal level it's still 18, but every state has it 21 or something like that.
Yeah. People know very much the dangers of drinking and driving  that's like people have heard that message so many times.

Oh my God. That's terrible.

How are those legal?

That's scary. You can get someone to do anything.

I'd be interested to see what like someone who's been addicted or had a lot of drug problems  like what they would say  There was an alcohol and drug speaker last night on campus, and he like went through a lot of really bad experiences  and like I don't know if anyone was there but if I had known we were gonna be talking about this I would have asked him what his views are  cause some people who are recovering alcoholics or drug addicts view the substance that they abused at one point as the ultimate evil, and they are opposed to like completely  like I know recovering alcoholics who just absolutely oppose  even when you're 21  drinking  just full out  but they also might see it as oh well I just did it because it was so taboo so it might be a good thing  although I don't know how they would look at it

Did they get in trouble when they were really young? Cause I saw 

Oh cause when I saw a similar panel  the guy was like 10 years old.

No, I mean like when they started.

When he was 11?

So he had been smoking marijuana before he was 10?

Oh, oh ok.

Cigarettes?






