Yeah I mean I didn't even look at the terminology I don't think it really matters I think that more to appease people but whether you call it a marriage or you call it a legal union, it's still the same thing. So I support it completely.

Well marriage doesn't have to be religious people get married in like courts and stuff

I don't think a government would really have any excuse not to ya know unless they're

Basing their government on religion

Yeah which they shouldn't be doing.

So would you be considered married if you by today's standard got married in a court you wouldn't be married then?

Why would you name it differently then?

So the church wouldn't accept gay marriage?

Do you think that it's against Christianity or Catholicism like you personally?

Cause I know other churches accept it like I'm Episcopalian and I've seen like gay um marriages.

No um cause they obviously interpret the Bible to accept it so do you think any Catholics do? Or do you as a catholic?

against it

Have you come into contact with Catholics that think that it's acceptable?

Um do you think like if something started it would gain support in the catholic church? like among not among like Priests and stuff but it seems like among a lot of practicers

Practicing Catholics that do think that it's ok

We grew up in an area where the followers would probably support it more.

I'm from New Jersey.

I don't think everything is cause I think like people feel associated with a certain political party and they feel like they have to stay in line with those views even if if it were an isolated issue they may feel otherwise like especially with religion they feel like they have to stick with what they were living and support it even if you just presented it separately they might not say the same thing.

There's so much controversial stuff goin on that people feel like they have to pick and party and they can't ya know feel liberal about somethings

That's what cuts it off from everybody whereas if you have it states at least some states will

Civil war?

There'd have to be like they'd have to either allow it or disallow it so like who makes that decision?

Right.

Yeah well that's what you said before.

Oh yeah.

Yeah cause people have feelings about him already

Um so

Oh I have a good idea what we could talk about like how do you think it affects their kids or if they want to have kids? things like that

Well I don't know to them it's just like not a big deal [inaudible]

No like I can't associate anyone with a certain religion.

