There's no like real law against invasion of privacy either  like

And if they have a reason to inspect which they obviously did  it's gonna save people and like

But, come one.
 
Yeah

No.

Just the teacher was drinking.

He just took a picture with the teacher and his beer.

I think the difference is  like whether it effects other people or not  threatening to kill someone is safety  what you do on your own is what you do on your own

What do you mean?

That's kinda dumb.
 
Can they see part of it though?

Ok.

That's Hobbes.

And if you're like a law-abiding citizen  you're not really giving up anything anyway.

If you don't have anything to hide.

This is kinda a little bit off topic, but  just concerning privacy  what do you guys think about employers looking at Facebook?

I don't think it's like a very fair basis for them to like hire you or not hire you based on what they see on there.
 
That's true  yeah  they have to compare it to other college kids  cause you know you cant compare it to the employer that you only see in the work place.

Um  well I agree  I don't think it's a good way of determining whether you should hire somebody or not  um  cause it doesn't really reflect how they would be in the workplace  it's like their personality  it's not like their characteristic

It's not to impress people.
I think checking places  like checking public domains 

If you're like looking through someone's voicemail, it's a little different.

It's totally lawful  to look on someone's Myspace so I think that's fine
 
Well, it does take effort, but not too much.

We had like an uncover [inaudible] in our school.

She was like in one of my classes  she like  there was a bug drug bust

I don't know  I don't think  they weren't very public about it
 
Oh my God.

We had to put paper on that little thing  that little glass thing

I think you're paying for your rights.

I went to public

But  I mean  I guess maybe  well did you live at your school?

Did you

Oh yeah, I do remember it.  Just like everyone should have the same amount of rights  it's like a human needer  whatever human rights  it's  not  a case by same thing  like this person goes to private school so they get more or less rights than this person 

They broke into his car?

Like fifth amendment

That doesn't make it legal to kill someone

Ohh. She didn't know she could have said no.



