But the war didn't accomplish that.

But is it worth it to keep fighting a losing battle?

Well, we're not gaining anything. We're just losing lives basically.

I think part of the problem is that no one like really presented a clear goal and the American people don't really have a good idea of what we're trying to accomplish, so all we see is the bad stuff like we see people dying we don't see their 

I don't know if the media would want to represent a negative view though why would the media want to represent a negative view?

Yea, but people would be encouraged by seeing positives

If something good happened, they'd still talk about it.

But, if something like undeniably good happened you would hear about it and I don't think we've heard about anything like that

The only like feel-good stories you hear about are families in the United States doing things for people who have lost someone in the war not like anything good happening over there
 
For what reason? Do you know?

I was gonna say like I think it's hard to keep on believing in the war even as you originally started because you don't see anything good like you need positive reinforcement to keep on doing something and even if you saw no negative and you just saw nothing

But, why?

And since we see so much negative we just like reject

And even with the increased troops and stuff you would expect if things were going well then increased troops would make things better but since things aren't going well there hasn't been any improvement

Yeah, that's true.

I think it's like a pride issue like you don't want to

You have to think whether being over there is good for you or bad for you. And, if it's bad for you, just leave and don't stick it out

Doesn't outweigh the good yeah it's not worth sticking it out to look like you can handle it
There's more to us than the economy though.
 
Would you vote for Bush again?

Ok. 

Really?

I think people just hate her personally.

Do you know like what happened? 

Oh my gosh.
 
At least he's making an effort to improve

I think people don't like him because he can't admit that he's wrong like he thinks that people think he's not doing enough so he just does more but it's like you're using the wrong approach and you have to fix that

He could try at least.
 
Thank you for being a good dentist. 

Oh my gosh.
[S19] Wait, so how do his parents feel like about him being an American soldier?

Mmhmm. Do they see it that way?

Probably a sensitive issue.


