Nope.

Anything you put on the internet is public demand.

I mean yeah  I think all schools should do that  sure  [inaudible]  I mean I have a Myspace, I have a Facebook  I don't put personal information  I don't put anything like my own parents to see  like I make it so like I could show like my grandfather or my grandmother my Facebook or my Myspace and they'd be like oh that's cool, dear  I mean you gotta have like  with every  with new technology  you have to keep your head and you have to keep self-control  most of those kids shouldn't even have Myspace's anyways cause you have to be at least 13

I know, but come on. I mean, my little cousin is like 8 and he has one  I mean that's like

Exactly.

They have every right to  and like who's seen that show on T.V.  it used to be called perverted justice and now I think they renamed it to how to catch a predator  that is  that is my favorite show  everytime it's on  cause it's only on once in a while

Yeah, Greg Hanson  yup he's like excuse me, how are you doing today, sir?  have you seen our show?  I mean everytime that's on  me and my roommates like make popcorn and we gather around the television cause this is like such a great, great idea  I mean it's so easy and it's just like  it's like fishing with dynamite  I mean just checking these  just checking these Myspace bulletins   I mean   I mean  uh  you can see this example  this kid said like oh I'm gonna shoot my school up Thursday and then watch South Park  I mean it's like on a whim  and if you go and see the pedophiles  it'll be like hey sexy, I'll talk to you later  and it's like a 35 year old bald dude talking to like a 12 year old girl  I mean it's so obvious  yeah I mean like it's what happens

Yeah, it's like I said  fishing with dynamite  it's so easy to catch em and it would be a sin for them not to like go on and check 

Well, I 

There's a difference because if some kid's goin out and getting plastered on the weekends like what does he do in school?  does it have anything to do with what he does in school?  No  fine

He was drinking with the teacher?
.
My Dad would like get a kick out of that  he'd be like oh you're a high school boy  you're gonna find that funny  I mean that has nothing to do with like school shootings or 

Well, that's a private school. Well, also like with the invasion of privacy thing  you have to like look at what invasion means  I mean they're not going  they're not going like out of their way to obtain information about these students' private lives  all they need to do  go on Myspace, go to their site  oh profile set to private  oh let me see  uh   setup a Myspace account and befriend them  I mean nothing that's going out of their way  this can be done in like five minutes.

It's just like any like  you have a Facebook?

It's even quicker than that.

Cause with Facebook  to be part of a college network, you have to have a legitimate college email  now I think they opened it to

Well, no, no, no. You can send Myspace profiles to private. That's what I did. So, like Joe Smo that surfs on the internet can't like 

They see your age, location and picture  but I am 75 years old from Kalamazoo, Michigan or something like that  and my profile picture is like the promo shot from taxi driver with Robert DeNiro. I mean like

So yeah  that doesn't really

Yeah, I'd rather not  I'd rather give up some of my  who is that Hobbes? What philosopher is that?  no  it's like give up your personal freedom  there's uh nature is a state of war

That's Hobbes, right? Yeah  and then you give up uh personally freedom for safety and security to the government. That's what I feel like in this situation  I'll give up some of my freedoms just so I can like feel that warm, bubbly feeling inside every time like Greg Hanson arrests some dude on television.

Exactly, yeah.

It sucks for us, but it's kinda good for them  kinda thing like

Which it does. I mean, what you see on Facebook

Well, Lord forbid I drink in my life, but

Well it's also like  like when you go to an interview  I mean

Yeah, I mean like when you go to an interview and you dress up  exactly like the cowboy hat   the employers  the future employers won't like come to your house on the weekend and like hang out with you as you like  I don't know like kick it back with your friends  I mean my activities under facebook I think are writing weird music, drinking large quantities of milk, and hunting the mice that live in our apartment with steak knives and frying pans
I mean if

Yeah, blowing coke off a toilet seat  that oughta be something like alright well this says something serious  but even if they catch you like with your drunk face or a beer in your hand  they're gonna be like oh let's take this into account  I mean this kid's 19, 20 year old college kid  boy or girl  I mean it's not that   it doesn't deviate that far from the norm where 

I use it for the hot chicks.

Yeah, exactly.

They shouldn't. I mean they shouldn't  they shouldn't go  like I said before  they shouldn't go unreasonable lengths of like  they shouldn't go above and beyond there  what's like considered normal  and I guess what's like considered normal is  I mean Myspace  checking Myspace  checking Facebook  definitely isn't considered above and beyond

Yeah, public domains. Exactly.
.
Yeah, it's  exactly  like you don't  you don't like hire private detective to like see what the bad kids

Well, but then again  but it is totally lawful to hire a private detective to go and look at someone. I mean you have to  you have to  what's considered like extra effort to go above and beyond to make sure you've retrieved information about the student's private life

You do think that's goin above and beyond?

Well, I mean it does take effort to like use the bathroom.

I hate to be blunt. I mean like everything takes effort. I mean you have to draw a line somewhere  I mean 

Well I got

Yeah 

Yeah, it's the funniest thing in high school. I mean  just at simple, Catholic high school  they heard that like one kid had weird or that like some idiot brought in like a like ridiculous amount of weed and hid it in like their locker  I remember looking out the window in bio class  big like drug sniffing dog like jumps up past the window I look around like did anyone just see that? I thought I was hallucinating.
.
Did you really?

What drug was it? Do you mind me asking?

Yeah  they do that a lot

Yeah, well it's private school.

You went to a public school and they did that?

See ,yeah, but that's drugs. I mean I still wouldn't consider  I mean would suck if it happened to me or my friends but like of course they wouldn't find anything in my locker but um 

Exactly  I mean it's like

Yeah. I mean like when we're parents  if we ever become parents I'm sure like people would want us to like  like we would want with that stuff happening to our kids  we wouldn't want like kids selling drugs to our kids in school  I mean

Yeah  you're not the only one  trust me on this

Catholic high school kids are like awful  I mean I've seen kids  like walk by, open a locker, take out the blank page from the beginning of the end of the Bible, rip it out, and then go use it to smoke a J  it was the real deal which is just like 

Pages from the Bible

Yeah, yeah  I know  it's like aw dude I don't have a bowl  uh don't worry about it  he like opens the Bible and rips out  he takes out the Bible  some random kid's Bible  so the poor kid's missing like Joshua 13:6 or something like that

Weren't we on Myspace? How'd we get on like holy joints?
 
Code magenta! Code violet-blue.

Against the wall, right? 

That's a great idea  I mean that's  that's ingenuity and creativity 

Where did everybody go?

Yeah  I don't  I don't know  I mean for drawing the line as far as privacy's concerned  I mean there's real no tangible line  I mean you'd have to use examples and then like you'd have to discuss whether it's 

By  like for example this  I mean the Myspace and the Facebook  I think we're all in concordance there   for the school shootings at least  it was not  it was not um invasion of privacy  but yeah if you go to a private school  I mean yeah  they have the right to do random drug testing  I mean it's a private school  public school  I mean I don't know about that

For public and private schools? Yeah of course.

Why should it?

Well, no, private schools  I mean to a certain extent are like a business  I mean they have their own interest to look out for  It's a privilege to go there  I mean you're paying or you're parents are payin to go there  are paying for you to go there  so uh 

I guess the grass is always greener on the other side

Wait  what are you  did like

Dude, our private school was worse than all three public schools, except that it dint have drugs in it  and that was like  yeah  I mean people would come  well it did have drugs in it but like  I mean the thing with the high school was it was small enough  I mean people didn't have locks on their lockers  the public school would come and be like you don't have locks for your lockers  this is not like oh yeah we all love each other  this was like something's gone from my locker and school's small enough that I can find out who and kick the crap out of him but like   yeah

Yeah, yeah you were trying to say something before.

Well but I think the private institution should decide how many rights they  I mean  cause I mean if you  if they don't   if the private institution says alright this is where we're gonna draw the line then if you're saying hey you cant do that  you're like alright you're paying to be here  if you don't like it then why are you paying to be here  go somewhere else  it's a private institution  I mean that's what I was trying to get at with that but um  yeah

Cars.

That's illegal search and procedure

I love that thing  you ever see that thing like if a policeman ever comes to your door  like ask to see the warrants  like you do not have to speak to them  like

Like be courteous

You can shoot them. I love to tell that story. This is a good invasion of privacy story  did you hear about the [inaudible] guy in Texas?  that got shot?  guy was in the shower and the [inaudible] guy came to take his truck  right?  and he was using the shower so he didn't hear the doorbell ring  so uh the [inaudible] guy's like oh I guess he's not home  so he goes to take his truck and he like  he doesn't break into his truck  I mean he opens the truck cause he's gonna take it away  and the guy gets out the shower  looks out the window and he sees some guy breaking into his truck  so he takes a towel and wraps it around his waist  just takes this double barrel shot gun  runs out and shoots em point blank in the head and kill him  he gets off scot-free cause  it's his house man  someone's stealing his car  it's the extreme but it's the invasion of privacy

Cause he was under the belief that the guy was stealing his uh

It's not  but I mean it's like it just goes to show how like loose the phrase invasion of privacy can be like  that's really the point I was trying to make with that  It was just a cool story

Please do not take this seriously, but I could say like I have an AK47 in my room  it's my private property like hopefully if any Loyola College police officer heard me say that they'd be like what's your ID number?  Where do you live?  and like run up to my room and search  cause that's like something  I guess it's just a personal thing  like I'd rather have less freedoms  I mean if you're law-abiding and you got nothing to hide  even if you're not law-abiding like wink, wink, nudge, nudge  and you got some stuff in your room you don't want them to see  if you're wise enough  you'll never get caught

Exactly, yeah  that's the point I'm making

Plus, they make little safes that look like coca-cola cans.

People should know that stuff though

I'd get all over the Loyola police for that.

Pigs

Yeah. Myspace is stupid.














