Hi, I'm number eighteen.

Yeah um I really don't know cause I'm a catholic too and of course with marriage being between a man and a women it kinda gets a little sticky when you're talking about the church as opposed to the government but um yeah I don't really know what the terminology could be changed maybe to make everyone happy but then again it wouldn't make everyone happy if we're throwing around vocabulary and like history of a word but um the concept I'm not against definitely not.

Cause I think that they have certain ideals that they're pushing for

I always thought something funny was um people look at marriage as a religious definition but it's kinda funny if you think about it the government doesn't give like tax breaks or anything to people who are baptized. You don't get baptized in the face of like the U.S. government so maybe like if you wanted to go like to the wall with the separation of church and state you could just call it all legal unions and then I don't know but that's maybe goin a little too far

No that's what I mean so if you just take that legal definition and kinda take away the marriage hot word marriage and put so the government just views it all as legal cause you everyone

Mmm. 

Yeah cause their still

Yeah so you're saying like the two different definitions of marriage like using the same word for two different things?

You could call it whatever you want.

Not in the near future that's for sure that's for damn sure.

Oh it's not gonna I mean I like catholic but I have no doubt that like gay marriage is like not even gonna be considered an issue in the catholic church it's just not gonna happen for a while well yeah who knows for a while but I yeah growin up catholic and knowin how it works I definitely don't think

What?

I don't have a problem with it, but then again I'm not gay. So I don't know how like I don't know it's never it's not like a burning rage of like desire of mine to like go like 

Yeah like go to the catholic church and appeal

Well yeah I mean like I know gay people but I mean gay boys and girls
Um no

Actually they're atheist so I guess they're kinda removed completely from the religious debate whatsoever

Practicing Catholics?

For all the all the I hate to sound like I don't know judgmental but like for every one person that hops board that kinda movement there's gonna be like five dudes in like the deep south yellin from their porches that ain't right Ya know it's just so embedded in the culture I mean it's you're gonna have to wean it out after many generations after something like that gets introduced into the catholic church

Yes, tell us about the Baptist faith.

Pot-smokin tree huggers!

I'm from Connecticut.

The whole spectrum of Loyola at least.

I don't know. I don't think everything is politics. I disagree on that.

It's kinda funny cause I don't consider myself I don't really bother with parties like I'm just moderate like I worked for a congresswoman and I still don't consider myself a Republican. Actually, I'm glad she lost. Like yeah I don't know and workin on, workin on working on that was a big thing for me cause it's just like damn politics suck. Like it's just a shame how like I don't know it's like growing up high school politics like to the nth degree I mean it's pathetic I mean yeah the way some things in politics are run it's just getting that inside look feel like writing like a muckraker novel about like how awful the inside of politics is

Nice uh transition there tryin to uh keep us in the fences

Well I don't know I wouldn't call states part of a party as a whole but I know you mean red and blue states but I mean I don't know

Yeah but the constitutional amendment that's just like it's just not logical I mean

Yeah I mean like if you let the states make their own laws and eventually all the states agree like why not why not make it a federal law but right now the way it is I mean like let them talk amongst themselves for a couple years.

What, what, what do you think is gonna provoke all this? Just letting the states duke it out or like?

So you would legalize it for everyone?
Yeah, even if they don't do anything about it then they're allowing it.

So you're saying actually you're for the legalization of gay marriage, technically? From what you just said.

Playin off you and getting back to the constitutional part I think it'd be much easier to change a word in the dictionary then it'd be to change the constitution. Especially with good old Bush.

Well the states are deciding it now and it's not like you have bombs in the streets now.

Through the window

Yeah I was gonna say you're just waiting for like that fuse to be lit

Keep goin? Keep goin, ok.

Yeah. We've defined marriage. Let's define what it is to be gay.

Ooo ok

I don't know the gay people I know are way to extreme it's just like F Bush I don't care like end of discussion

Yeah one of them yeah

Well let's not throw all our eggs in one basket as far as the catholic church's views on uh

He's a nice guy, but he's against abortion.

It's not like yeah it's not like people are walkin down the street like havin it out

Noo.
