Yes.

That's a momentous occasion in the history of the United States' legal system.

Yeah, yeah.

Well yeah  I mean me too  but I've  I've come in contact with numerous people who have uh used is and I first hand have witnessed uh

Well, yeah. You look at those people and you're like wow  they're having a good time but I mean you look at the kids here at Loyola  nowadays they usually  they get drunk every weekend  which just like pales in comparison  you don't see some like stoned guy walking out urinating on the wall or like beating each other up so that the cops  I also know people who can uh operate heavy machinery and drive  quite well  actually probably better sober than when they're high on marijuana

No, no. They're better high  

Yeah  like can't tell any difference  I've actually been in a car and halfway to where we're going the person told me he was high on marijuana and I got scared for my life

But then I realized there's like no difference

Like I'm sure you could get high and then do stupid stuff.

Yeah, yeah I was

Yeah, but for the  I mean  ya know the same thing  if you're gonna uh  probably uh the demographic of people who are venturing to try marijuana for the first time I would say closely correlates to the demographic who are trying alcohol for the first time

Well, no. Marijuana the first time? No  they're probably trying the same age group as those who are trying alcohol for the first time and I would say that's well under 21. I mean so it's still illegal no matter which way you cut it.

Here's the thing.   Yeah true that. Yay, Denver. Anyways  but uh  there's this one thing in like Connecticut ya know those you know you're from blank when  one of the things is  for Connecticut in high school no one would buy you beer but you knew six people who could get you weed.

Just ask your neighbor  

Which says something about the police system

Then why would they smoke

Why would they smoke? Why would they continue smoking if it was so easily accessible to them by your logic?
 
That's not always  there's always a corollary  I mean I don't remember the last time my friend just like drove into the city  or to the docks and was just like hey give me a crate of weed please  there's always a system

Yeah, ok. I get your point.

Yeah  um  also with the legalization thing  I don't think there's very  I don't think there's enough people pushing to the legalization for marijuana  No I mean uh I don't think that a lot of people that would be pressing for it are pushing for the legalization of marijuana because it's so easily and so readily available  I mean they have no problem procuring it and using and not getting caught  I mean they're obviously under no moral obligation to get it legalized first

Yeah exactly. If you're gonna legalize marijuana  I don't think  I mean I don't know what Denver is  Do you know what the exact law is with Denver right now?

Yeah, small amounts. But then that's possession right? I don't think you can  they decriminalized possession I'm pretty sure to like a ticket  it's not even a misdemeanor.

Yeah, you can't sell it or smoke it.

Yeah, exactly. It's just if you're like walking around  I don't know  I guess you're walking around with a J or something and the cops stop you and want to arrest you  but um  I mean they're obviously not gonna  if they full-blown legalize marijuana like they do alcohol I mean they're still gonna be restrictions like alcohol  I mean if they catch you driving high they're still gonna  hopefully they'll give you like a DUI  I mean if they catch you with it  Yeah I mean and they're not just gonna let you like  I don't know  still there's gonna be an age limit  still there's gonna be all those same 

Yeah, that alcohol has. Exactly.

Reefer madness
 
Well, let Europe do what they want.

The pot  

Yeah, it's a culture thing  yeah

Them crazy people over in Europe
 
Well, I  I highly, highly disagree with that  from experience that I've seen  I mean if you define gateway drug  smoking cigarettes is a gateway drug

All my friends  I mean they smoke now  I mean oh little Timmy got a pack of cigarettes and then he'll start to go behind school because it's cool and you cough your lungs out and then you get addicted and there ya are  but as far as like alcohol  I don't know a single person in my life who smoked pot and didn't quite when they didn't want to  and I'm talking about kids who do it more than daily  I mean  I think like whatever

I just don't believe that

I think whatever research has done to prove it addictive should be re-conducted. Can you back me up on this?
 
But, it's also commonplace too  I mean  alcohol I would also consider a gateway drug  I mean like, like  any like level  if you like  I look at it in like levels  I mean at the very bottom there's probably cigarettes cause short-term, whatever  then on the next level would be like alcohol and weed and then if people get bored with that level  but I mean like nobody goes to the car and says like yeah last night at the bar that was great let's go to find some coke  like it's the same thing with weed  I don't feel like the people  I mean it's there like to a certain extent yes  I mean when they get bored with weed they'll start experimenting with other things  but that's  that's much more of a personal choice

But, see don't you think 

But if they legalize marijuana, wouldn't that only make it better?

Wouldn't that only  wouldn't that only make marijuana seem safer so it would like

Well, yeah  like marijuana so far removed from that cool drug like ohh what is this that you're feeling  is that what  is that what you're trying to describe?  I mean the adventurous like let's try to do drugs to see what it'll do to us

Yes

Then, in that case, I'd say it's just like an alcoholic trying to quit. You bring yourself to that level of  I mean you don't  it's not like 

Yeah, yeah  but it's not like   I mean I could be wrong  if we have any doctors in here, correct me  but it's not like crack like once you like try it your life will never be  like you're using up chemicals in your brain that will never be there  I mean like you could get addicted to alcohol and you could get addicted to marijuana  I think it's the same thing  if you're a reasonable adult and you have self-control  you don't become an alcoholic  if you're a reasonable adult and you have self-control, you don't become addicted to marijuana  and if you're a reasonable adult and you have self-control, you don't become addicted to cigarettes

That's true.

But see I never see
Actually, alcohol would be worse in that case. Wouldn't you agree?

I think  the story I always tell  like  it's not really a bonafide story to try and convert people, but it's a humorous observation I've had  is like you never read about  I've said this in pretty much everyone of the three things  but you never really hear about some stoner Dad and coming home from work and beating his kid  I mean the worst that could happen is like little Jimmy is wondering why his Dad's so tired and then gets overjoyed because he get treated like T.G.I.F.  to like T.G.I. Friday's or something like that  I mean like I don't  it's just like you never really hear about pot-head  even, even in the campus police blogger  it's always that same funny thing  the police bust into the room and what happens?  they find some green leafy substance everyone knows those three little words  but like it's  I mean  I mean yeah  I don't know  I just haven't  I haven't seen enough bad things come out of smoking marijuana to 

Yeah

Maybe better for you
 
I've seen kids who  one of my friends  there's this mixture of friends of people who don't smoke pot and people who do smoke pot and like every once in a while we'll just be hangin out and some of them will go and get high and come back and we'll just chill  and um  there's this one kid  I mean he's the antithesis of all my arguments  because this kid  he's not like he's smoking any insane amount of marijuana  he just get ripped man  I mean he's like  I've never seen someone  I mean it's a chemical  I guess it affects different people different ways just like  I mean small like skinny girls get drunk quicker than big, fat dude  but I mean people can do some stupid stuff on marijuana  but then again it goes back to the being controlled in a controlled place and a controlled time

Naa. I don't think personality has anything to do with it.

Yeah  Well yeah  exactly

Exactly, yeah.

Exactly.  That's, that's

I don't know if this has any  maybe you can help me out on this one?  I don't know if this has any medical reference, but also if you've ever talked to a drunk kid and then said chill out the cops are coming  he'll be like oh man, F the Cops, man!  if you ever talk to a guy or girl that's high and tell them yo chill out the cops are coming  they will come to attention  I mean it's like they're in the United States army  I mean they will snap back to reality, everything  even the kid I was talking about who gets ripped  you just say like you chill and like a lap dog being trained for like animal planet

Yeah 

Even in like a situation where you'd need to like protect yourself and protect your health  like it's easier to snap back like  I don't know if that has any medical like backup or anything like that  but from experience I've seen that if like bad things are about to happen  not only just getting in trouble but like as far as like someone's well-being like someone can snap out of being high a lot quicker than  if you're drunk I mean you're drunk

Yeah, I know. I totally agree, but I think you can control yourself more when you're high as opposed to when you're drunk.

Yeah, they are.  

Yeah, but you have to understand  if someone like goes out to a restaurant  has a beer  they're not gonna be like in a moral dilemma of whether to drive home  I mean if they're over 21 it's like oh I had a beer  I mean it's to a little more extent when you're like oh I'm just gonna smoke a bowl  I'll be fine. But, I mean, there's like different levels to  Right?

How do you feel about it?  Actually, yeah   How does everybody feel about it?  That was the question right?

What do ya mean?

The federal government can do whatever they want. If they wanted to like crack down on pot  I mean  it's not too hard for people to figure out

You're against the medicine? Medicinal marijuana?

I agree with Mr. 20 in the fact that if you're gonna legalize it  you shouldn't  you shouldn't use any like scapegoat  that's not the right word

No  well rationalizations too  but you shouldn't like put all your cards in one corner as far as why it should be legalized  it's just like look I think it should be legalized because it's not as bad as  like you shouldn't try to hide your reasoning  well actually that works pretty damn good in California just because

Yeah, good old Arnie.

Ya think?
 
It's still 18 in some states.

I don't know if it was that  I think it was like

Yeah, there's some like loophole like that  yeah

Actually, no. One of my best friends  first week he got his license  he drove drunk on the weekends just to see if he could do it  

That's one of my best friends, and he's  uhh  he looks back and he like scares himself with all the stupid stuff he's done  so

In the same vain, I think there's another interesting topic we could be covering up here is  um  there's a lot of um legal drugs

Yeah, yeah. I'm talking about like stuff you could walk into a record store and get  forms of mushrooms

Exactly.

They had peyote. That's a Native American thing.

Salvia since it is legal

No, no, no, no.

I don't know what salvia chemically does. All I know, is that it's a full-blown hallucinogen.  I mean if you  like  if you like talk to anyone who has done salvia about driving  well number one, it only lasts for like 5 minutes  but like they would just laugh because it's just so impossible to  it's like  I don't even know  It would be like what mushrooms or LSD would be like. You're completely removed from reality  like distorted from reality  Like do you know anyone who's been on salvia in New Hampshire?

You've never heard of salvia? In New Hampshire? Really! Wow.

See, that's awful.

But that's the point I'm trying to make  like I mean  this is like  if like  what, what time is it?  What is it? Seven o'clock maybe? If I wanted to, I could drive down to Towson  get some salvia and we could all be like tripping like crazy by eight o'clock  and it would be completely legal for us to do that  and marijuana  we have the green leafy substance like in the  it's kinda ridiculous like as far as  yeah  that something like salvia is legalized and then marijuana which pales in comparison

To get back to you addiction question  your addiction thing  um  one of my very good friends started smoking marijuana when he was 12 and it got to the point where he was just like  and he's about what?  He's like 18 or 19  and he's like  it got out of control for him  and he just quit cold turkey  hasn't smoked in 2 months.

Which goes back to my cigarette as a gateway drug

That's still a long time.

What do you mean, smoking weed or smoking cigarettes?

Oh but he was only  he only smoked marijuana for a year?

Yeah, exactly. I mean a year enough

Oh, ok.






