Um I don't think it's Isn't there a second part of the question too about the priest's scandal, the sexual abuse scandal?

Ok Well I was gonna say

Yeah, yeah I know, but they kinda coincide for me I mean with the catholic church I don't think there's anything so outdated where like alright let's see [inaudible] like we need to turn the catholic church up on it's ears and completely reform it But, um Cause some of the stuff with like the priests and the sexual abuse scandal I mean priests went centuries without feeling the need to do that. 

I mean there's always the conspiracy that but I mean it's gotten along for two millennia just fine, so I don't think and I mean there was the second Vatican, in the 60's?

I don't know something like that but I mean I don't think that there's so much wrong in the catholic church right now that it needs to be updated, but if it did at any point become obvious that it needs to be updated I would be all for it I mean I think it could be updated now, but there's no pressing there's no real necessity to it at this point.

What's the exact wording of the question again?

Change it's ways I think is the key phrase I mean that's not I wouldn't say like maybe they could change one idea but I still don't think even if they did like the gay marriage they said like alright I still don't think besides the obvious like functionality of the sense of like marriage and stuff I don't think they would need to change like the fundamental way they work.

Can you Can you expand on that? Do you mind if the way they practice it?

I think people are so they're so like they misunderstand the catholic church so much that it's, it's a crime and like I do, I, I am not like a strong catholic at all I mean I consider myself a catholic like I disagree and I believe what I want to it just happens, it just happens that I follow the catholic church more closely than most.

Well no I mean I was raised like my dad's really but I'm still not like I'm not as religious as my dad but um I just think as a whole I mean there's so many that call themselves catholic and um have nothing to do with it. I don't know it's just a shame the way it's construed.

I mean there's a certain level of

Yeah, I know. Like there's a certain level of like participation and like yeah a certain sense of like community that you need to participate in I mean you can't just call yourself a catholic and be like oh yeah I mean I went to church like last Easter

Yeah 

Yeah.

But, I'm, I'm just sayin'

[S18} Yeah I mean I don't go to church every week

But, but I think I try to live as a catholic I mean I don't think I could I go to church  I think I'd have to go to confession once or go to confession a couple of times before I could receive again Yeah.

Not if you have a mortal sin.

Yeah, but like yeah there's, there's like some couple one thing um me and this friend worked with this one kid like really Muslim like really into the Muslim I mean I don't know he was like this regular guy just happened to be really into Islam so we were talking to him and he thought uh he didn't know and we went and we back into work and asked a bunch of people if they knew this and no one did that Catholics believe that if you're catholic, if you're a Jew, if you're a Muslim, you can all get into heaven that is true

No, you're uh Christian

Oh Christians sorry you're damned to hell no

Christian, Jew right?

I'm pretty sure right?

No I,I,I was almost positive

No, no they aren't exactly

Yeah, well it is. 
.
Yeah well I grew up with that but

Well we said pray is like [inaudible] but it's not like you're gonna go to hell it's not like that literal fear instilled in you I mean there's fear of God in that sense but not that literal fear I think you're referring to as in the old days.

Yeah well purgatory but um yeah but if you talk to like a catholic and you talk to a muslim they will have more of their beliefs in common than a catholic and a fundamentalist Christian that is true.

No, no, no I mean some of these fundamentalist Christians I mean between that and like 

Fundamentalist Christian? Like um
No, no, these people are not Catholics. I don't um

No they don't claim to be Catholic at all but um um I'm not trying to offend anyone here

Well no but

I'm trying to like define it more.

That guy's awesome.  I don't care he's like going to hell but that guy's crazy he smacked an old woman in the head did you see that one?

He's like one of those faith healers that they televise he's like give me your money and I will free you of your sins there's an old woman who's like crippled and he like smacked her in the face

We're kinda getting' off topic but like people who I wish I woulda prepared my views usually I'm

No, they can pick on us let them pick on us

No cause if they keep pickin on us I mean they're gonna keep pickin on us and eventually they're gonna get something wrong and they're gonna misunderstand something and we can say well I mean I pick on the catholic church

Exactly I mean like 

I know but I

You go for the recruitment of female priests and allow priests to marry?

Yeah, I think that um

I would actually say that the female priests I see that as the closest thing that's gonna come to a head first in reforming the catholic church I mean cause it's gonna be like a functional thing I mean what are you gonna have I mean people joining seminaries is down I mean it just doesn't make sense in my opinion to not let females be priests.

Well then again you're talking about the catholic church you're not talking about the catholic church in the United States

That's a big point we just, we just kinda overlooked throughout this whole

There's, there's my favorite story my best friend is Polish his cousin is Polish he's afraid to tell his mom about his best friend because he's a Jew he lives in Poland his cousin is 31 years old it's like that embedded in other cultures I mean we're kinda liberal we're very liberal compared to other countries I mean there's like Poland Roman Catholic just like I don't know
What do you mean all of our ways?

Yeah or I mean we can't have like a United States coup of the Catholic Church

Exactly. Cause like over here its like yeah why not over in Europe I mean who knows its like what?! 

I don't understand it's like

Oh. Disallowing women is like whatever?

It'd be weird first I mean I admit it going to church and seeing a girl priest it's be like woah

Wow in the words of flava flave

Gender discrimination

Well who knew we were gonna have the priests facing us when they were saying mass? Who knew we were gonna have mass spoken in English? I mean just go back a hundred years.
 
Well I'm just saying a hundred years cause we couldn't pinpoint it earlier. So I'm just saying a hundred years.

It was like oh this is what this part means

Yeah exactly

That's not even that's not even like an issue right now that's not even like on the table for discussion it's just like ah nope not gonna happen no way no how I'm not saying that's the way it should be but

That was the culture back then.

Well it was just like back then it just wouldn't have made sense for a woman to be a priest like what?

Ooo. Whippin out the primary source.

Agreed.
 
Well yeah, you could use the Bible to argue any point anyways just like God said so!

And no one knows how many authors there are.

I don't I don't know about that there is some dividing line here I don't know how think it is, between saying wow that women's beautiful and wow that 12 year old boy's beautiful I mean you gotta have something predisposed up in your head to find

Uh yeah it's a pretty thick line yeah but I think there's gotta be something else I mean I don't know

Yeah. Exactly I mean that's the point that I'm tryin to make.

Uh yeah I would imagine unmarried as well.

Self-control there's the overwhelming majority of catholic priests well who knows overwhelming but there is catholic priests who find it perfectly easy to go throughout the day and not destroy and not destroy some 12 year old boy's psyche I mean like it is possible these, these priests should be like tortured.

To become a priest?

So you're saying it can't exist without him being messed up and it can exist without the church?

That's what you said?

Well that's what you said. Is that what you meant?

This is great terminology we're using here there has to be a predisposition to

So you're sayin it a crapshoot, right?

But that means you're predisposed means that somewhere in your lineage the male was a priest correct?

I see I was saying there's something, something, another piece to the puzzle

Wait psychological evaluations?

I think there should be real evaluations cause I don't think Is there any real evaluation process right now? Yeah I don't think

Then again, I believe that people should have like psych like driver's license tests every year so maybe I'm skewed towards that would suck

I just bought that up cause maybe that skews my opinion

Of course it's always a good thing.

Making it better,stronger, faster

People sharing priests sharing churches

Exactly one of the whole keys to symbolism there is you're supposed to be married to the church so I mean I think what would in a way if you're thinking about it you'd probably allow female priests before you'd allow priests to marry

It could be one big threesome of catholic love

I think we'll wrap it up with a threesome of catholic love.
