Well, I mean what do you want me to say? Gender discrimination? Of course there’s always gonna be gender discrimination.

Every yeah exactly every discrimination is gonna be prevalent, but we can get to that later but we’ll see what your thoughts on that are

You concur with me or

The south may rise again.

The thing is there’s two main points in this I mean 

What are you laughing at?

Well, no I mean there’s like a point where we can look back I mean it’s foolish to say we haven’t come a long way with gender discrimination I mean at this point like it’s not like you can’t get this job you’re a woman it’s like get back in the kitchen and if I say something like that it’d understood to be a joke and like I was in before the discussion started the family guy jokes and they like parody it but to a certain extent when you parody something you’re prolonging it and I mean you can never you can never completely forget what’s been done before so like as long as it’s up there you might as well parody it and I mean you just have to be intelligent about it and you have to know that not to take it seriously there’s another point I was gonna make also there are some truth to every stereotype and don’t tell me 

I mean, number Miss 17 you first-hand know that in the sciences and in mathematics who is like 

I mean, number Miss 17 you first-hand know that in the sciences and in mathematics who is like 

Yeah, I know. It’s not that they’re worse at it it’s just like it just like arbitrary statistics that not as many women are

And you can misread that in anyway you want and anyway besides just looking at it as an arbitrary statistic is misreading it, but it’s I mean it’s

Probably coming from back in the day when women

Yeah, exactly it’s just like I don’t know Greg Mendel uh genetics it’s not just physical stereotypes 

Exactly like yeah

An administrative assistant

Ohh you can’t say that, man ask any

Female ROTC any guy on campus will just shudder it’s a shame but any guy

No, that’s an occupation

No, I’m thinking like without no face in your mind right you’re not thinking of anyone right now ok? if I said girl that’s in ROTC just like running through like the list of people in your mind like how many I hate to say it but how many

Exactly cause there is you are not like a what is it? a misogynist? yeah  like you’re you don’t like treat women badly there’s there’s truth to everything because you have to look at like logically there are some statistics and I mean something like whether you find a woman aesthetically pleasing to the eye is kind of

Wow

No I’m not sayin but I mean I don’t want to get too off topic on here, but I’ll just drop this little bomb as like 

Hey  I’m not talking about like yeah there’s some very beautiful athletic women out there but um I’m talking about some of these girls I mean um I wonder if like their Dad hit them in the face with a frying pan like

That that was a low blow but see I’m making a parody of it I mean it all comes back

No, I have some very, very ugly friends man like but like it’s not like you got you gotta take everything in stride you gotta take everything with a grain of salt

Actually, if you flip that think about the male nurse the murse

Yeah yeah

Yeah

Yeah, exactly stay at home Dads

No, gymnastics is crazy, man.

But, I get what you’re saying and yeah but like the WNBA it’s like yeah good for them they’re doin basketball yeah but if like a guy

Well, that depends

Exactly

I think the biggest like

Yeah?

Thank God. 

If you lose, man

Woah

Sure

Oh I’ve seen that issue of sports illustrates and the whole thing is that what you’re talking about?

No a couple years back there was I don’t read [laughter] I don’t read um uhh that’s awful I’m sorry but there was  an issue of Sports Illustrated a while back that actually featured the same exact story I thought that’s what you were referring to it was like 

This was like when we were in middle school it was like years ago but um yeah it was like this guy’s wearing a skirt? [laughter] cause it was part of the uniform like he wanted to play field hockey ya know it was just like the girls

Yes, yes exactly it was the whole thing and he would well like no it’s like some skirt, right? correct me if I’m wrong for field hockey? and so like at the on the days of the match everyone wore their uh their skirts and this dude was walkin around with like a skirt

Yeah as part of the team so he’s wearing like this skirt around school and I mean at first everyone I bet ya he had to knock a couple heads in before they like let him wear it quietly but

Naw, man. The kid like persevered that’s why it got into Sports Illustrated

Did he like break under the pressure? No

Yeah yeah that was the point like he just he didn’t care and like the voice in the crowd or whatever

I ya know what? I don’t even now it was just that he wanted to play field hockey

It was the exception yeah

No

Yeah, cause there was guys on the girls swimming team.
Yeah

Oh that’s a good point cause guys watch the girls change gender stereotype right there right there male full frontal is an automatic NC-17 in a movie

Yup.

Yeah, it’s the ugly organ.

But um no but like you can get brief full frontal

Uh Airplane Airplane did anyone see Airplane with 

Oh, it wasn’t G. I had to been at least PG. It was either PG or PG-13, but I’m pretty sure Airplane was PG-13.

Yeah Airplane with Leslie Neilson, right? Isn’t that his name?

Yeah not it couldn’t have been G but anyways it wasn’t it definitely wasn’t R and they have a scene parodying like when the plane’s goin down and everyone’s running around and they show a completely naked woman screaming, running across the like it’s a very funny scene 

Yeah and like exactly constantly

No no like it’s a funny yeah like things like that stick out because it’s nudity but um yeah if you show like a naked guy running around it’d be like ahh oh my word

Did it show was it brief?

Oh wow

The woman’s body is a beautiful thing.

Yeah it’s like one of the most prominent 

Michelangelo’s

Yeah, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles but also it’s just like there’s also the stereotype of guys being more perverted than girls

I mean it isn’t even a problem in Europe.

Yeah, and it’s just like no big deal.	

But see like what do you think like I don’t know does that put us at a disadvantage as far as gender discrimination goes?

Well, that’s just nudity that’s not even like gender discrimination

Yeah

Yeah

I want to be portrayed as a sex symbol. I like when people look at me, Daddy.

I don’t know like just like you get

Like I just may be a tard

Like Mr. Twenty over here and his poor pinched butt.	

Who do you think has a better shot?

Barrack Obama or Hilary Clinton?

Hilary Clinton

Obama

President elect he’s half African American

Oh, ok. So African American male or a white female?

Do you think racial discrimination is more strong than gender?

He’s a man though.

No, actually he doesn’t not at all

Um you should look into that it’s a really big like

Yeah but uh yeah I mean like I don’t know cause different countries in the world view it as like well they have a man and like it doesn’t matter different countries in the world are like different races but like if a woman the United States is run by a woman? I mean like how would that look to other countries? God, forbid I mean like

I’ve never seen enough of the show to

The homely looking one

Larger?
I love these yeah

P.C. word

Do you do you think that actually has says anything negative or positive or anything?

And the one person who doesn’t have a man is an alcoholic

OK

That’s a good even from what just you said OK that makes a good point

What were you saying before? Who was saying stuff

Yeah, different stereotypes

It’ll come

Without looking at their personalities	

Just if someone said, hey black male or white chick?

But, I think if you look from a if people are looking from like a global standpoint I think just a woman

It also hasn’t been as extreme.

I mean we didn’t enslave any slave women.

It’s just a more moderate thing overall.

African American woman that’s a double whammy

Back in the day we used to know her as number nineteen.

Run it out. How we doin on the clock?

