Why would you post that on Myspace? Everybody reads Myspace. It's to the  like that's not privacy at all.

Like  when you post something on Myspace  it's like posted so all your friends can read it to  and obviously if somebody sees that and they're like I go to that school  I don't want to die  like

Like if a creepy pedophile could get on your Myspace 

Find out information about you and meet up with you somewhere  and that's not considered an invasion of privacy  then a teacher looking at one shouldn't be an invasion  I don't even think your parents looking at  your Myspace is an invasion of privacy because if you're gonna put it up where anybody could see it  then you deserve to get caught

Oh, that's stupid.

Like it's one thing if the school wants to like attack the parents and tell them that there's child doing this  that's one thing  but they shouldn't get in trouble with the school  if it's not the school
 
It's not like they got arrested.

 But then again, Loyola  if you get at trouble at home and Loyola finds out  you still get in trouble at school

Like if you  like if something happens at home on Christmas break  like get in trouble for drinking or something  um  if the school finds out you can still get in trouble

It's easier than that.

But you still have to be friends with someone to even look at their profile  Myspace you don't have to be friends with them

I think that's  I don't know  it's kinda weird I think

At Evergreen's  I mean you don't post pictures of yourself studying on Facebook  it's only when you're like out with your friends that everybody's like oh let's take pictures  grab my camera  ya know

Like your Facebook isn't going to determine if you're irresponsible  like if they hire you and then you prove yourself to be irresponsible  then that's one thing

Ripping a bong

Facebook is like the fun, outgoing side of your personality. Because Facebook is a way to connect with other people your age  in your school  like it's a way of communicating with your peers  it's not like a resume
 
How do you feel about like schools that search lockers and backpacks and stuff like that?

My school totally did too. They brought in like sniffing dogs and stuff like that.

Yeah  at my school  like they

At my school  the Concord police were at my school like every week busting somebody for something and like they went on this huge like drug thing  this one kid bought a bag of weed from someone and got caught with it at school and so the school was like you won't get in trouble if you like tell us who sold it to you

Yeah  and he ended up giving them a whole list of people involved

Well, I went to a public school.

He ended up transferring because he made a lot of enemies  um  but he like gave a whole list of people who were 

Like people that he didn't even have the right to write down   I mean yes they were probably all guilty of something  but like he wrote down a whole list  all those people got called to the office  all their lockers got searched  like anything they had on them
 
I mean I think it's stupid to bring a [inaudible] anyways

It's not worth it

I actually witnessed it at school  someone at their locker 

Ok  way to be discrete

Pages from the Bible?

I think you're going to hell for that.

We were just talking about where schools should cross the line.

Well, I definitely don't think if you don't have probably cause  you definitely shouldn't be searching people's lockers  cause they  my school took days where they would shut down the commons and search all of the lockers and that commons ya know is that area
 
That's the stupidest thing.

They told you they were just doing it as like a practice in case terrorists stormed into school? I thought it was a joke, seriously that's hilarious
Why would terrorists target a high school?

Yeah, we did it for school shootings  I mean which is likely  but if the kid goes to the school he's obviously gonna know that like everybody is hiding in their classrooms  hoping that they don't knock on the door

I guess I picked the wrong day to shoot up the school. Everyone is gone. What are the odds  like two thousand kids in my public school  like nobody in sight  like obviously yeah it's ridiculous
 
Kind of  Well, because I mean I did both of you go to public school?

I went to public

Was it like a boarding school or was it just private?

I don't know  I think with a public school I guess since the lockers are technically school property  that gives them the right to search lockers  I think as far as backpacks and cars go  like 

No  after a school dance  one kid when into a school dance drunk  bad decision, yes  but like his car was parked in like the school's parking lot and so they like broke into his car and opened up his trunk

Yeah  they searched his car  like without his permission

Yeah, exactly. My school they  my town basically they

It's not even just the school  it's the whole town and police will take advantage of you not knowing like a law like in a heartbeat

They're come into your house if they think you're having a party  they'll come into your house  they'll arrest everyone there  even if you don't invite them

Cause they're stealing his car

Like  I don't know I think if it's like personal property and no one has the right to search it without a warrant

Yeah, but even with like what  stuff on Loyola's campus  like Loyola can come in and search your room if they want  like this isn't our property  it's their property  they have every right in the world to come and search it  but if I have a house down the street from the campus and they want to search my house they can't because it's my house

So, yeah if it's the school's property go ahead They do it anyways with or without your permission  so

And like I know a girl who  her  freshman year her roommate um got in trouble for credit card fraud or something like that

I know, and like no one else of the roommates had anything to do with it, but like Lo-Po was kinda huge dicks about it and was like we're searching your room with or without your permission  if you do it with  like if you let us do it now then you can stay here and watch and ya know  so she was like fine you can search it not knowing that like they don't search her room  like if she doesn't want them to search her room

Yeah, she didn't know she could have said no  but if she let them search her room like she had a locked trunk in her room  they made her open it and like how would her roommate like get into her locked trunk

Yeah. But then afterwards  um  like a couple days later she came back and her room was completely trashed cause Lo-Po came in and searched her room when she wasn't there anyways so

I think that's kind of crossing the line because you can's say one thing

Yeah


