Yes 

Ohh, we got some hesitation.

I mean ever discrimination is pretty bad.


Like there’s always gonna be that thought in the back of everyone’s head that women aren’t equal because they weren’t equal for such a long time they still aren’t really but they were seen as really being below men and that’s still gonna be residing in the back of everyone’s mind

I think it’s funny.

There is, I’m not gonna lie.

Well in the same light like it is like scientifically men do have better brains when it comes to like math and sciences.

Well that’s what that’s what studied have said and like women have better brains when it comes to like writing

And like women have better are better when it comes to like language and writing and stuff like that.

No, where I work there’s a guy day secretary too.


No 

It’s weird how when men take on feminine jobs they get made of but when women take on masculine jobs it’s fine.

That’s kind of I think war is on a different level

But you have to be physically capable to be in the war 

And a lot of like you’re not gonna get a lot of little Barbie doll girls that are gonna join the army and be really good 

Like doctor, lawyers and like


Yeah I was gonna say that the male nurse


Like stay at home Dads


I think it’s more the female in male role minus your ROTC example is more accepting than the male in the female role

If a guy is a gymnast you’re just like ok

Like a ballerina

You’re like oh

So awkward	

I think I would look down on a guy who lost to a girl in a wrestling match, and I’m a girl. Like

Yeah I guess why not?

I think it’s weird that they allowed it. It’s like girls playing football.

One year, girls joined our football team but like our football coach was a huge jerk so like there was no way they would ever get playing time like and it’s weird cause they can’t go in the locker rooms during half time cause ya know
It should have been R 

It couldn’t have been G. It musta been PG.

But, yeah. Two totally different things even though it’s just ya know the human body, but different genders I don’t know

Even in history though women have been painted naked.

Actually I take that back statues

Yeah definitely. I think that’s true.
I don’t know how like gender discrimination works 

It’s ok for a woman to be portrayed as sexual objects, but if a man is then 

It wouldn’t be as normal. Like you’re used to seeing a woman portrayed and selling sex and stuff like that

Yeah

Oh yeah

I do remember that.

It was weird.

I don’t think either should be.

To make it fair, they both should be

I think in that sense, men are but if it’s like a CEO position at a top country company and a woman and a man are qualified for the same position like who do you think is going to get the job?

Who’s the other one?

Or who?

What?

I don’t know who that is.

I don’t watch the news.

That’s tricky.

Me too

Yeah and he’ll have like the whole black community behind him.

Oh really?

Oh ok then Hilary’s a shoe-in

Like women in top positions like even in the Office Jen do you watch the office?

What? She’s Michael’s boss

Like she gets not respect

Yeah but like they like they treat her as she’s

Like they don’t 

They made out in a hotel once.

Like now into the third season they’ve established a relationship but even now like none of like the people under her take her seriously they don’t take their relationship seriously

That’s a good show. You should probably watch it. But even like the way women are portrayed in that show like one character

You have the secretary

Yeah who her story line is based around Jim

Jim’s girlfriend
You have the alcoholic and then you have the like homely looking one.

Yeah

And she’s larger

Um like you have your stereotypical women and like all of their story lines are based around like relationships like Angela is in a relationship with Dwight Pam’s relationship with um Jim um 

The alcoholic doesn’t really have that big of a role she just drinks sometimes and then Phyllis has a relationship with this Bob Vance from Vance Refrigeration 

Oh I definitely think it says something. And Jen it’s her relationship with Michael I think it’s definitely negative because it’s like talking basically their roles depend on men

Is an alcoholic

Yeah

Plug watch the Office 8:30 Thursday nights 

Yeah the stereotypes

Well, Hilary’s more established.

I don’t know. I honestly don’t

Not anything	

Um

How’s that short?




