Um  I think it's a stupid war.

Because it hasn't accomplished anything really  like people are just dying basically for no reason  and because nothing's changed  the only thing that came out of it was Saddam Hussein was taken out of power, but since then nothing productive has happened.

Ok, well then he should have ended the war after that. 

But when we're reforming these other countries, we're not in war with them anymore  like

When we were fighting Germany and Japan and all those countries  we had a good reason to fight them  like Japan bombed us  that's a good reason to start a war. But like once the war was over they didn't keep picking at it  like they let it  like yeah they helped it rebuild but that's because we destroyed their cities

But if it's a station that doesn't agree with Bush, it's obviously going to emphasize the negatives.

Yeah

Like and they don't even want our help. They want nothing to do with us. They hate Americans  like why would we help a country

Even with the world wars we saw a lot of negative but then we saw them liberating the Jews and stuff like that  like something good came out of it  nothing good is really coming out of this

If things were going well, why would they need more troops?

They'd gain more respect for him  I think

I don't think  he's really gone past the point of redemption at this point  he's already made his mistakes  like he's not gonna win people back by taking people out

Yeah, he's done more than just the war.  But  ya know  he should just do something right for once  like

Between

Between what Clinton did for the economy  compared to what Bush has done for he economy  it just like  like it went down from when he got put into office

Yeah but when you're spending millions of dollars oversea on a war

That isn't like accomplishing anything  like  we're not gonna get that money back

I'm not a huge Bush fan.

No. Luckily he can't run again.

I don't know what else to say about him.

Uhhh 

Well, I remember reading something  I don't remember the details because I read it a while ago  about the guy who Bush put in charge of the war like stepped down  remember that?

Yeah  well it was kinda recent  I don't know  I think it was before Christmas, but I'm not sure

Um  I guess like the guy had been wanting to step down for a while but Bush wouldn't let him cause like as his scapegoat

So  like I think Bush knows that he needs to pull the troops, but I don't think that he wants to admit that he was wrong and 

I think  I'm sorry  I don't even think like revising the way he's approached the war would necessarily make him  like make him have to admit he was wrong  it would just be like oh well let's try a different approach and see if it's more effective

I think it would just be like  everyone would be like I knew all along  like 

Yeah.

For the troops  they'd probably wouldn't be so gung-ho to support a country that wasn't behind them 

Wait, so how do his parents feel like about him being an American soldier?

Being born in Iraq 

No

Do we have any other thoughts on this topic?



