  But, I feel like if you're gonna  Ok, sorry  If you're gonna  sorry

  [inaudible]

  So Catholics believe that like Muslims can get into heaven, but Protestants can't?

  Well you said Catholics.

  Purgatory

  I don't know what you mean

  Oh my God,

  I can't believe that's the good thing to do.

  What about like female priests, like you said?

  That's true

  That's how it is here, but that doesn't mean that's how it is everywhere else.

  And I think in order for  like it's not the United States where the catholic Church is gonna change. I think it's gotta be in Europe first  ya know  cause that's where it originated and that's where it's roots are from

  Yeah  so I feel like changing the catholic church is like in regards to 
women being priests  I don't know if that will happen

  By limiting them you don't think that it's a big deal

  Like I don't even know like I feel like a women priest wouldn't get as much respect  people wouldn't necessarily go be gung-ho to go to a church with a woman priest  I feel like it would be hard for

  I'm not saying that's a reason why women shouldn't be allowed to be priests but I'm just saying it would be hard for a women priest to get the same respect in the church.

  It's true.

  Completely?

  It's really hard to base things on the bible though cause there's so many ways to interpret it. You can construe it however you want.

  That's why churches are so different.
  Cause it's kind of inconsistent within itself and you don't know how literal or how figuratively to take things.

  I think especially the being allowed to marry could affect it  with female priests I mean I don't really see that connection as much.

  It might not have come out though

  I wonder if the majority of pedophiles are married or unmarried.

  Well like if it's true that more unmarried are pedophile then it would be like repressed sexual desires that are causing them to do these things to children which would mean that priests would be more likely to be pedophiles because they have repressed sexual desires  so that would be an argument for it

  It's not a reason

  Well, yeah. You definitely need the priest to have something messed up inside of him to want to do that.

  To become a pedophile. But the church might also contribute to it. It can exist without the person also being messed up and it can exist without the church.

  Well yeah  but that goes without saying.

  Yeah.

  Yeah  I think I meant to say that.

[S19]I think  well  let me try and explain it. You definitely the person to be messed up in order for them to be a pedophile and if the church.

  A predisposition towards pedophilia  um  and if the church says that he can't marry it may also contribute to it but only if he already has that predisposition.

  So if the church said marriage was not fine as it currently is  it wouldn't make priests who weren't already predisposed toward pedophilia become pedophiles  they have to have that already.

  But they already have to have the predisposition.

  What?

  I feel like as soon as you're a priest, you're a priest.

  That would be helpful  well  maybe not every year but every like five years
  Do you think there'd be like enough priests like that if they weeded out people?

  Especially compared to the historically less people wanna be priests nowadays I'd say



