I agree  it's kind of a  cause I'm not catholic but I grew up going to church and so it's against my religion, but on the other side I have a lot of gay friends and like it's seemingly unfair because it's like hindering their lifestyle also so.

No  but then I think they would still not be happy with that.

Yeah  and like I feel that if it was called a union instead of a marriage and it was like distinctly  like there was a distinction between the two  like they would feel like they aren't getting the better treatment still because they aren't

With the separation of the church and the state  I think that  because  like  like  if a gay person is gonna get married they're probably not gonna get married in the church because there aren't many churches that would marry like a gay couple anyways  so I think that in that way the separation between a marriage and a union would work because the union could be associated with  uh   like getting married in  um  like a court or something like that  whereas a marriage would be in a church.

Yeah.

What I mean?

Well  a union would refer to like being joined as a couple in like a courthouse whereas as marriage would refer to being joined as a couple in a church.

Yeah. You would be like the same thing  just a different name so yes

Because the whole  I don't know

It doesn't accept gay marriage.

I'm not a catholic  well I'm Protestant  four square  and my church is like adamantly

Well like  they don't dislike gay people but like they're against gay marriage  oh yeah  die-hard like Republican at my church

Yeah, I grew up in the south  I grew up Baptist and like I feel like  exactly  it would a lot different like

Well

It's not as liberal  like  I'm from  like I lived in Alabama till I was twelve and then from then till I came to here I lived in New Hampshire  and New Hampshire is a lot more liberal than it was in the south 

Yeah exactly  like  all the kids I went to high school with were like hippy

Exactly exactly and when in like the south  like completely different  I don't think even most of the people I grew up with in the south even like drank that much in high school so  and like my sister who she grew up more in the south cause she's almost four years older than me as opposed to me cause I spent most of my older years in the north  like  just her perception on like drinking and drugs and stuff like that  completely different than mine  just cause like all my friends were like oh whatever it's fine. But her friends were like adamantly against it when she was growing up so 

Down the coast

So like where some people are gonna be open-minded you're gonna have your conservatives completely against it  so

I don't think it should be a federal issue. I think it should be up to the individual states cause not every state is Republican and not every state is Democrat so

That's true. I feel like though if it was made a constitutional law that there was no gay marriage  I feel like that would cause more controversy and more like disruption.

Than individual states deciding whether or not they're gonna legalize it. Then you're gonna have bombs in the streets.

I feel like that's gonna cause more rise  that'll cause rise in the streets  if Bush is like no gay marriage for anyone

He makes bad decisions. We all do.

Um  they obviously feel that gay marriage should be legalized.

 I don't have a lot  I have a couple

No.

Does the church know they're gay?

Yeah  it's funny cause like  the people in my youth group  like people my age

No. New Hampshire  are like against abortion  against anything like that  ya know  so

Yeah  well it's not even just the catholic church it's like the

Yeah  but then like I'm friends with them  and I don't  I'm not like  I don't feel

It's ok. You can keep saying it.

Like that have gay friends, but they wouldn't support gay marriage  ya know  so

Like they aren't gonna go like burning crosses and like setting fire to people's houses but 
