In case your parents are listening.

The effects?

My high school was like stoner central U.S.A.

New Hampshire. Yeah  pretty much everyone I know has at least tried it  and like in comparison to alcohol  it's not even that bad  you don't even like hear people dying of smoking too much pot.

To smoke your body weight to die of an overdose whereas I know people that have had to go to the hospital because they've had their stomach pumped for drinking too much in one night.

But then it's not legal until you're 21.

Unless you're in Denver.

Yeah, exactly. My high school  people would be driving around trying to get alcohol but like  pot you like

Yeah, it's so easy to find. So

Yeah  at the same time  I know
 
No

You wouldn't go looking for pot if you didn't really smoke  like the people  I don't know  most of the people who drank  smoked  all the people who smoked drank  but a lot of people who drank don't smoke so  I mean if you're  I don't know  I don't really remember what I was trying to say I don't know  the availability of marijuana is a lot higher  at least where I'm from than alcohol  because for starters  marijuana you don't have to find someone to buy it for you  you can just go 

Well no. But like you know who sells

And people that I grew up with and used to be my best friends sell pot. So  I don't know  it was just a lot easier to find if you wanted it than it was to get alcohol  cause when you're in high school how many people do you really know that are old enough to get it for you  ya know?

Same thing with alcohol.

It's not just gonna be like everyone's running free on the streets  smoking pot

Their laws against drinking alcohol are also more liberal than our laws against drinking alcohol  so obviously their laws

Yeah, like obviously their laws with drugs are gonna be a lot more liberal  they  Europe all around is a lot more liberal than the united states.

I can. Like I know people who smoke pot like pretty habitually and could quit and those same people would still drink during still and on the weekends  like 

Yeah 

Pull away the stigmatism

And like part of the way marijuana works is that it's so different from every other drug and even alcohol  it's not like coke or even drinking that it builds up your tolerance  the more you smoke the less you have to smoke to get that same high

I know plenty of people that have smoked pot and haven't done anything else and would never do anything else besides that  Like

It's not.

If you're a pothead smoking and then you start again you're not gonna like automatically go back into the cycle.
 
I mean, I really think it being illegal has caused more problems than it being legal  I mean I'm not saying that it should be legalized because I wanna go out and smoke marijuana

I just think that like it's not really doing any harm to legalize marijuana  it's not gonna make other drugs legal  it's not gonna make people wanna do it more  it's just gonna take away the ridiculousness of putting people in jail for marijuana which isn't any worse for you than drinking alcohol and like

I know.

A lot of people I know like that smoke marijuana  they  like the people that I know who are more relaxed when they aren't on anything  they are more like outgoing and energetic and stuff like that  and I know people who are crazy when they're normal  and then when they smoke they just like sit there

And like I know a kid that  he was drunk and decided to drive his moped home from a party and he crashed into a telephone pole and almost died  like he had a full-ride into college playing lacrosse  but like he was in a coma for like a week and like it was terrible  he had to wear a helmet for like  he still might have to wear it  cause if anything happened to his head, he could die  and like just stupid decisions because he was drunk  but like I don't have any personal stories

He was drunk. But I don't have any stories of people smoking pot and then

But I know another kid that was drunk and driving and almost died  was like in the hospital  but I don't  I don't know
 
Being high is a lot easier to hide though  than being drunk

Yeah.

Digressed  What about Denver? Well the question of Denver was just do you think it should be legalized.

I think in this case it should be Federal.

Because the whole war on drugs is federal.

You shouldn't be drinking when you're driving anyways  why does driving have anything to do with it?

No, I never heard of it.

