I'll go um I'm number twenty. alright well uh the way I've always viewed it if you actually look at the definition of marriage it's the union between a man and a woman, and I'm not opposed to gay people being together or anything but um I just don't think it should be called a marriage exactly I think it should be a legal union or something of the sort um so like that way it obviously wouldn't be um wouldn't be like referred to as a marriage within the church or anything uh which is that's the way marriages start out then they become legalized like when the judges started doing it and um what do you guys think about that? I think it should be more of like a definition type thing.

Do you think it would hinder their lifestyle if it was not called a marriage?

Why wouldn't they be happy?

Um can you clarify

Yeah go into a little more detail

Alright yeah that's what I was trying to get at just making sure at the same level there

What ya could do ya know is for the people who ya know wanna be involved with the church you can be married within the church but also be married make it legal as well

Well it doesn't.

Ya know so like there's no change in that.

Especially Benny D.

Benedict as our Pope right now.

It's definitely against Catholicism

In the catholic church?
 
Gung-ho or something?

Cause it's not really involved in your life

Are they catholic?

Well I know two gay catholic people I've never talked to them about it though so it's not gonna help.

I think there's always gonna be like a little portion a little portion of the catholic church the followers that is never the leaders but that would definitely think it would be alright but it would always be the majority that would most likely be against it I feel.
You went from the extreme to the extreme
 
Where exactly is everybody from? I'm not sure if you guys had said that or not. You're from Alabama originally. I'm from Maryland

Alright so we got we got the full spectrum here.

It's all political to me I mean jeez everything's freakin political nowadays like as sad as that is but that's really what it comes down to  is politics Does anybody want to add on to that? Because I think that would make a terrific thing to add on to.

I have nothing to back that up.

Cause like I feel like there's those people such as myself um I am a Republican but I sure as heck don't follow everything Republicans follow ya know like ya know generally a lot of youth nowadays joins a party just because their parents are in that party. Like for instance my mom's only republican because she's against abortion stuff like that uh that's a huge contributor to why I am a republican cause ya know I'm against abortion But ya know that'd be like that isolated thing where like ya know you follow that stuff

You also got the border states. Maryland is a border state.

But then like if you think about it then like goin back to the civil war ya know when you had the confederacy it'll just be like those southern states will just have one general view whereas the northern states will have another view

We'll just go after everybody and like it'll just be hell in a handbasket.

I don't even think it should be a state issue I think like you said it should be an individual issue um well I think it should be an individual issue like I don't think government should be tied in at all

Yeah, ya know it's I, I, don't want it to be called a marriage because that's a union of a union between a man and a women well in the dictionary too like legally if you wanna say that that's right now as a fact that's what marriage is like that's what it says by fact but ya know I don't know I just feel as though it should be called something else feel very strongly about that.

Sends it out by dove.

It's just fun to make fun of the guy.

Go back to the topic though. Does anybody have any feelings about anything else? I feel like everything was kinda already thrown out there. And like gay marriage leads to abortion, leads to?

Alright, that's cool.
Or Richard something from Survivor One the guy who walked around nude yeah he has a son I don't know maybe we can talk about the gay people that we do know and maybe their feelings on this how about that?

Well obviously yeah

Yeah very close-minded on the Bush issue and you can't blame them.

So you said, your gay friends were atheist?

You said you have a lot of gay friends?

Are they religious at all or?

Do you know anything about yours?

Alright well I know this is kinda like ironic I guess you could say since we're talking about this I know two gay guys both of them were involved in church and both have played Jesus in the stations of the cross

Um I believe the youth minister probably does and you know he's a cool guy he's chill and all ya know he's modern ya know I said ya know like five billion times right there

Um he our youth minister ya gee I keep sayin it

Oh man, it's a habit he is very he's like 24ish um so he's very in with the modern ways I guess you could say but on the other hand ya know he still has faith in his religion and everything so I think the new generation has just as much faith just their more lenient on different things so we were saying how the um church could change their views in the future I do think it's possible like you said but then on the other hand agreeing with number eighteen because I forgot your name um that it will take a long, long time for it to get there

In Alabama?

Christians in general Not even just Christians

But um let's see if it was legalized ya know arrgh there it goes again but um you were saying how ya know you have friends oh my God almighty alright so you have uh you have you can basically ya know Oh my God!

It's like saying like when you're a 13 year old girl.

Westside Story Sharks


