 This is gonna bring up Bush again.

 That's still a big accomplishment though.

 Yeah, I know. Ya know  you can't really exactly pull the troops out of there. I've talked with a soldier about this exact topic and he said that if we do what a lot of people in America wanna do which is just take everybody out of there then like all of this friends died in anguish  and that's just not cool at all.

 How are we losing?

 But um  when I was talking with that soldier  what he was saying was  um  if you look at like previous wars  while the U.S. is in a different country and we're looking to reform 

 What's that?

 No. What I was gonna say was it's taken a boatload of time to actually make and effect in that country  like with out effects  like uh  I don't know a hundred percent of what I'm talking about so ya know  if I screw up let me know  but I think after World War II we were in countries and I think even today we're still helping them reform  um  like now I just don't understand how you guys would expect us to make a change over in the middle east when it's only been such little time I guess  when in perspective with history
 
 That was crap.
 
 It's the media. The media only portrays that stuff most of the time because that's what catches their attention. Then on the other hand, we could have moved them.  I don't think we know exactly what's going on  ya know  behind closed doors  I guess you could say

 Um  that's another reason why I kinda support Bush in this sense  that's a way out there comment, I know  99.9% of America would not agree with me on that one  uhh  the thing that I believe is if you have a leader who you're not going to accomplish anything ever if you don't support him or her in the future  but if it's Hilary then that's just out of the question  no on should support her

 Well, that' because the media  I believe

 Cause that's what grabs our attention

 That's 99.9%

 I had two very valid comments, but now they're gone.

 So is that just like lack of enthusiasm?

 But that's what they signed up for.
 That's another media thing

 When did this happen?

 It's a constant battle within myself I guess you could say. I don't want Americans over there or anything, but on the other hand  I don't want everybody just to leave and have them sent home with an emptiness   I guess is what we're talking about  I wouldn't want that like  with everybody coming home  I'd want something to big to happen at least before everybody comes back  or bigger than what everybody's thinking right now

 That's cause pride's a very big issue  yeah

 Mixed messages

 What do you guys think would happen if Bush  if he did take everybody back?  What do you think the people who hate him right now would like

 Oh really  cause I think they'd be like oh it's about damn time  oh we still hate you and you still suck

 Well I don't mean to bring in everything, but he did an amazing job with the economy

 No, no, no. Macroeconomics

 Very true.

 It also takes a long time for stuff to kick in  so sometimes when one President does something

 Sometimes that takes time
 
 It's not the same what?

 I don't think many people are huge Bush fans  ya know  I kinda am like sticking out for him, but I'm not a huge Bush fan

 I really have nothing to base off of  or not a whole lot to base everything off of so I think I'm gonna 

 No

 But would I pick Bush over Hilary? I'd pick Bush.

 Yeah  hate Hilary

 That's a different topic
 [inaudible] But, I think we're straying off topic. Cause that's kinda goin nowhere.

 Tryin to like frantically think of something to say.

 Was that just recently?

 Especially since it's the United States I mean

 Well what would

 If he would say that he messed up like I'm sorry for the war  like what type of effect do you think that would have on America and on the troops?

 No, it'd be horrible  but like what type of effect do you guys think?

 I told you so?

 What about the troops?
 
 Most of em'

 Does he have connections over with  people in Iraq  like his family? 

 Like they talk about him  like what's going on and everything?

 Cause that'd be like an interesting perspective
 
 Touchy subject



