No, no. I will

Let's get this out there. I've never smoked pot in my life. I just want to get that on tape.

No, I seriously haven't  so

This is in New...?

Probably a little less.

Can you just repeat that one more time?

Yeah, I totally agree with that. I mean my friend  uh  he used to smoke pot, but then he stopped  there's route 1 right by my house  obviously you guys don't know what that is  I'm just referring to it just for myself but uh  it's got a barrier in the center and he went down the wrong side when he was high  and he could have died and that scared the crap out of him  so, therefore experiences like that will make a person stop smoking  um  so like we said  um  um  pot won't exactly kill you but it will make you do things that might kill you

Yeah, I swear it's like you can possess it  you just cant sell it or something

Well, I  I was  I was in Germany two years ago  and there was somebody smoking outside the [inaudible]  which is uh the cathedral there  I mean who smokes pot outside of a church, ya know?  like there was like a head shop down the street  and uh I was watching T.V. two nights ago and this guy said he went to Europe for his honeymoon or something like that and they said in every single picture there's either a drunk or stoned person in the background.

No, no, but I'm saying  ya know  the pot is also legal there as well as alcohol.
 
Vodka in a water bottle.

Well, it's mainly psychological actually.

I think like  it's a psychological addiction  it's not physical definitely

It's definitely psychological in my opinion. Uh, I know people  there are so many pot smokers in my uh English class senior year of high school  it was stoner English class  like that's what I referred it to or as  and I'm pretty sure my teach  well she was a dead-head [laugher] so she knows the effects, needles to say  but uh this kid was saying  he was breaking a sweat because he needed a joint in class

We were very open with our teacher.

He didn't say that to her exactly, no  he was like dying for pot because he hadn't smoked it for two weeks and that was hard as anything for him

Plus ya know, it's cool for him  ya know hey guys I really need some pot guys  I think I got the jitters  I need to smoke a J  ya know

Going back to the violence issue though with alcohol  I know a kid  I don't know if you guys heard this in police blogger or not, but he was like lying down on the ground because he was drunk out of his mind  got up  well, no excuse me  passed out in York Road I believe or Charles Street  the cop pulled up behind him, parked his car so he wouldn't get his because he was half way in the street  the kid got up and threw his forty at him  at the campus police officer  and then ran and fell down Notre Dame's Campus  hid in the bushes for two minutes  then got up and got tackled and ya know  obviously taken down  that's the whole alcohol thing  it makes people stupid  very violent sometimes  depends on the person  well, if you have self-control

A lot depends on the personality of the person as well.
.
Really? You don't see like the stupid kid in class  like the class clown  I could see him doing something more stupid than say like the straight A student going to smoke ya know some pot.

Wait he was drunk or he was high?

I was gonna say he'll like hide under the table

And like your abilities aren't always off. For instance

Well, no, they are. But you can still have some good ones. For instance  I hate to admit this  I lost to a high kid at pool over winter break  It was so sad. The kid beat me at pool and he was high. I was like what is this?

Let's take it back to Denver  cause I think we kinda 

What do you guys think?  Ya know if it's just in Denver and no other states  that's kinda ridiculous

Well I mean like why would it just be in Denver? If the national law is against it, then why are they making it legal?

Exactly  it's just a loophole

I mean for people to say  for glaucoma  for instance, my mom has glaucoma  um  my mom's not gonna smoke pot  I think that'd be hilarious, but not gonna happen  that would be funny  but she has to take eye drops every day for it  and that's what she does  ya know  so

I'm saying  cause a lot of people say glaucoma, glaucoma  that's why it should be legalized  that's just their main excuse  I'd like to get people to realize that it should be legalized in their opinion  but there are different medical ways for it to um  to treat glaucoma  so that shouldn't be the sole reason

Arnold

I don't think it should be  I don't think the state should differ from federal stuff  I think like

No, I think it was like that.

I do think every state does have it 21, but I think it was the highway thing because when I was in driver's ed  they basically said they changed it from 18 to 21 so that people could get the facts of driving down before they could get alcohol into their system  before they have that feeling  so that was like the  I believe the sole reason for that  um which I felt was kinda ridiculous but  ya know  but I'm also selfish  so

Exactly  it's like they automatically assume, but the majority of the population is not gonna do that.

Like you'll get the 16 year olds who will do it [inaudible]

Everybody's got a friend like that.

Salvia.

Well it's  it's just politics  like I said before I was talking with my stoner friend  let's call him  stoner friend Jack we'll call him  that's actually his name but um he was saying  I believe um the Native Americans  they has opium and then um

No, no  I don't know  there was like something where they had to legalize one thing .they had to choose one thing [inaudible]

It basically has the same effects as salvia

That doesn't shut off the paths to your brain somehow  so that if somebody says something, you believe it?

For instance, one of my really good friends here at Loyola  he's not a stoner by any means  uh he smoked salvia once  his friend  you can call him like the storyteller basically  uh  what happened was  like you said it was a hardcore hallucinogen  he was sitting there ya know  he smoked the salvia and his friend was like alright you're on top of a mountain  you're climbing a mountain  so like  the kid thinks he's climbing a mountain  this is horrible but it's great at the same time  he was like alright  alright now you're relaxed  you're being mauled by a bear  and he starts screaming

It's horrible, but it's great at the same time. He starts balling and thinks he's gonna die  but he's really just high  so

I did the uh fast and sleep out thing. I don't know if you guys heard about that?  and  uh  they had 45 homeless people come in and previous homeless people who had all abused drugs  they're all obviously against  um  the legalization of marijuana  um  but  um  they were also the people who did admit they had no self-control  uh they were not mature enough to use the drug.

No, there were like moms and stuff.

No, the youngest person on that little panel was 35.

They probably started about our age  or maybe a little bit younger  maybe like 16ish

My friend who got high and drove on the wrong side of the highway started smoking cigarettes  um  which led to pot later  when he was 11.

Yeah, he told his parents he quit, and then when they threw the cigarettes out he took them from the trash. He'd like steal them from their purses and things.

No, no he started cigs when he was like 11.

But he  God, he only smoked for maybe a year throughout his life.

Not compared to most of the people 

No  like he still smokes  he's 18

Yeah.

Yeah, but then he had that experience which made him stop.

It's not constant though, it's not bad.

I mean it's not good for you. You're inhaling smoke.





