No. That kid was stupid.

Well that's my first reaction shit

Isn't that [inaudible]

That's gross.

But, now on the other hand uh  the school officials going and viewing a person's Myspace or whatever they obviously uh save lives prevented the shooting do you guys think that they should be able to punish the kids for like seeing them drinking or whatever? Like with pictures
 
Cause I think those are two totally different things, but on the other hand, if they see that

Well, cause a lot of uh for instance in my school there was a picture taken with a kid um actually that's a totally different thing because he went to like Chili's and he saw a teacher at the bar and he had a picture with a beer and then like it was a huge controversy or whatever but since the teacher's in the picture I guess that's different

No, he wasn't even drinking.

Yeah, just the teacher was drinking the teacher had

Yeah, exactly that's stupid some schools would find that 

I don't even think they should tell the parents.

What?

This school's ridiculous.

I don't know how Myspace works. 

Yeah

I think a lot of the schools take it over the top for discipline, but on the other hand, to prevent a school shooting that's awesome

Very true. What else can we say about this subject?

I think it's stupid.

It really depends on how they believe that whatever they see on Facebook will reflect person's work habits.

I think it should be like on a personal basis that you should judge that like my Facebook someone looks at it like this kid's weird they're gonna say this kid I mean obviously he's an ok kid but I wouldn't ya know pick him out of a hundred people just doesn't show how good of a worker he is I mean I'm not saying I'm amazing or anything, but I am a good worker like and my Facebook totally doesn't reflect that

I'm in a cowboy hat in all my Facebook pictures.

That's awesome.

Yeah, it's definitely not.

And my 80s multi-colored sports coat.

I even think like goin on Myspace is goin above and beyond like

I don't think it's an invasion of privacy, but I totally think it's an invasion 

What?

My school totally did.
 
Aw no way

That's ridiculous.

Wow.

Where would you guys draw the line? Did we just have this conversation?

We would always have the infamous code orange. Cause ever since 9-11 where we practiced in case terrorists came into our school because 

Well like in case terrorists would ya know wanted to go into our high school because that's a totally legitimate thing and so like we would all like corner into like a corner and uh 

That's when they would bring the dogs out and

You wanted to stay away from the windows you're all looking to see if the ninjas would fly in through the windows 

Yup it was ridiculous it was all just like
 
That's Maryland for ya

Exactly, exactly or also school shootings
Take it example by example I guess

Would you think that the line should be any different

Why should it though?

You pay, you pay them more and then they go further into your privacy

I think you should retain more rights at a private school than you should a public school.

I went to a private college

What were you trying to say?

It's weird those schools get away with so much.

How's that invasion of privacy?

How's that an invasion of privacy though?

What?

That's bull.

That's totally crossing the line

I'd just get my uh tuition's worth out of that needless to say













