Oh you don't know that it might just not have been 

I don't know

That's because you're raised that way.
.
Very true. I know a lot of people ya know that they say they're catholic and they do not show it at all. 

Just catholic by name 

I mean I'm catholic but like I'm going to mass after this  to get my ashes for ash Wednesday  I mean that's  I can actually say I am because I actually do the actual practice.

Well yeah  you need to lead your actual life

Well just throwing this out there  when you receive that's basically saying you're forgiven of all your sins.

Well, ok

Why not Muslims?

This is news to me  uh

Ya know what  this is how the people nowadays are more lenient  ya know if people aren't catholic, they're not gonna go to hell in my opinion

If you're a good person  ya know  goin to hell  no  that's bull crap in my opinion

Yeah, totally.

Nowadays, it isn't like as strict  like we don't have nuns like pray now in class.

Oh really?

Some of it's true.

Southern Baptist? Is that what you're trying to get to?

Who's that Indian guy that like beats people on the head?

I believe that  well first of all everybody always picks on Catholics  I mean what the crap stop it

No  but
Yeah  well I mean you gotta be able to joke about yourself in order to joke around with other people  that's ya know  I joke about the catholic church all the time  uh  but I believe that it is a religion  why should you change your religion to suit people's wants more so than needs. Why should the catholic church change for people want gay marriages  they don't need that

Everybody's pickin on us Catholics

Well I mean it is a religion like I said  um  can you repeat the last part that you were saying?

That's for another discussion

If people have a problem with it  I mean they can convert  I mean they don't need to change the views of the entire church just because of their views.

I really don't care how many people are catholic. I just want the religion to be the way it is  cause that's what the people believe

I really don't care how many people

I never even considered that

Especially with all of our ways

As in like the way people doubt worship nowadays  the people used to be like memorize prayers, kneel down seriously, you never crack a smile  Nowadays you break out the guitar  all that stuff  it's just a lot more liberal way of worship

No, I'm talking about in the United States.

Wait  what? Can you repeat that?

Well I mean it'd be nice but

Well I mean everything's weird with change

Well that's just general in the world today. Guys generally get more respect than women. And that's not in the U.S. That's in the entire world.

Not even a hundred years with the 

The Latin masses were set up til like the 60's or 70's.

Yeah. Everything was in Latin  couldn't understand a word

And I mean  I'm not  probably goes back to discrimination but only males were priests probably for some reason when religion  actually ya know what  I take that back  I really don't know

Yeah  that was the culture so it may not have been a really terrific reason but on the other hand it may have been.

Let's go back to the  uh  respect issue that you brought up.

I feel as though  as though a majority of them probably would have been prevented  um  but I mean that's just a personal issue for those priests  I mean they're screwed up in the head.

It's a pretty thick line

I'd imagine unmarried.

Just cause they're not getting

That's still not a good reason to be a pedophile.

Yes, that's a good point.

Naa. He's probably messed up if he goes for a little boy.

The church doesn't necessarily need to change their views in my opinion  uh  they can however change their ways  in that  um  when the priests do go um before they are priests  when they do go to become a priest  um  ya know they obviously need to go through changing  they don't just oh you're a priest  they obviously need to get tested and everything  but um  maybe if they tested them more so  I can't really explain it  on um how they generally tend to flow  um  be more strenuous in that area obviously that would limit some  uh we don't really have a good flow of people going to become priests right now  this would obviously diminish that even more which stinks for us  but obviously that's worth getting those creep shows out of the church  I wanna smack em' in the face

Yeah,yeah.

Need like a lie detector or something


You guys think like psychological tests more strenuous to become priests would be a good idea?

Yeah exactly  but ya know the way church doesn't exactly need to change it's views to please people but they can change their ways in that process  it's not really changing their religion  just weeding out the good from the bad

Sounds like an army commercial
We already do have a low flow

It's like a very sexual oriented society we live in today so that's obviously like a main reason why people don't want to become a priest  on the other hand that's also what is giving priests the trouble  so that's another thing to look at  anyone wants to expand on that? Cause I really have nothing to talk about.

Or maybe priests marry the female priests?

I'm not gonna say anything cause I know I'll upset my grandfathers  all that stuff  up in heaven  dead silence
