 Yeah I don't think I'm not sure if we can pull out right now because I mean if we leave then the situation there is just gonna get horrible probably but at the same time I don't know what we can accomplish from staying because I feel like we don't have sort of a set plan we're just kind of like there and I don't know if there's a lot of things that they don't tell like the media and everything  but uh I, I never hear anything like real, solid goals just kinda we're there and we keep sending troops and we're gonna be there for however long it takes

 Also, I mean we don't know what kind of intelligence or you know information the government had I mean it could have seemed like it was solid and sure that that Saddam Hussein had WMD's but I mean we can't be sure we don't know

 I'm not so sure the fact that we didn't find any indicates for sure that he didn't have them at the time cause I mean I could imagine he could have however many thousands of weapons depots I mean in the second that he got sign of an invasion he could have just ordered anyone to just take it and move it out

 Yeah

 I just don't know how sure they uh or how feasible our objectives are for establishing a democracy there cause I mean it's a democracy in the middle of the Middle East how's it gonna work?

 Someone in my chat group said that um the U.S. what they're doing in Iraq could be compared to like or could be called modern day like colonialism

 Like what do you guys think about that?

 I mean I could definitely see us like taking on that imperialist role like just forcing our views on a people that's not ready for it, clearly

 I think over two years.

 Yeah, I think the President at this point just needs to stop being so stubborn and just open his ears to the country and just listen cause he's getting so much criticism now I mean

 That's why the whole like idea of a just war and all the theories behind that and the people who's jobs are just dedicated to that study that's why like that typically is so important to the military just so that they know I mean if they're putting their life on the line they want to be fighting for something meaningful and just I guess

 We were talking about in one of my classes um five different points of um what makes a war just and he showed how the war in Iraq hardly meets like any of them I think cause it's all about like feasibility of your objectives and like proportion I mean like we we sent in like highly modern technology and it's against these guys who just have AK's and everything I mean 

 Yeah

 I think the most important thing that I want to see is just clear objectives I mean it's either we're doing this or we have to get out. We just have to accept the fact that nothing is happening I mean no progress is being made.

 Yeah, exactly.

 Yeah, it's the same with the whole WMD thing. 

 Yeah, it seems like that's uh something that we could just turn towards any like ya know he has oil, we're going there

 Oh yeah, what do you guys think about that? The whole oil situation.

 Do you think like maybe Bush is just stalling the entire war? I mean cause right now it's not safe enough to actually take that oil out of like the country. So do you think what do you guys think?

 It's kind of scary. I mean it reminds us of like World War II times when they had to ration.

 And they say once um once oil become so rare that I mean it's just gonna evolve into wars just over oil like world wars

 Like Hydrogen you can just get that by splitting water get H-two and then oxygen gas

 Um coming back to Iraq um I hear last night on TV that we have like 160,000 people over there extra that are not actually military, but like privateers that are like mercenaries so we actually have about like over 250,000 troops there when everybody only thinks that we have like like I think its like 145,000 like military what do you guys think about that? I mean I mean that's I think that's the most

 I mean in Vietnam I'm not sure if we hired mercenaries to

 Yeah

 I'm not sure, but I think there's more actually hired people over there than actually U.S. military actually no no, there's less [laughter] a little bit less

 No?

 Well that's true yeah

 Hmm.

 Well, North Korea is a definite threat  I mean Iraq

 I mean Iraq like I don't think it was as clear cause of the whole was there WMD's or not? but I mean North Korea they have a massive army I've heard that like eventually it'll surpass ours I'm not sure if it's like getting to that point already

 Admit defeat

 So what do you think his motivation is?

 But, how feasible is that though for a man to actually say that just for his reputation to keep all these troops over there and plus, I mean won't his reputation go up if he pulls them up?  I mean the entire country I mean even in the situation we have at worst, the entire country wants them out

 Well, no not yeah most I mean 

 If it was such a simple decision then why hasn't he

 Yeah, I feel like he must know something we don't.

 Well, I mean he knows a lot of things that we don't.

 But uh you know what I mean because like you said he doesn't have to worry about re-election, so I feel like since he doesn't have to worry about that he can actually do like you said what

 I agree we need to come up with something 

 We need to either come to a solution or just accept the fact that there is none and accept that lesser of two evils, and pull out











