Well I think um Myspace is kind of like um known to be like public cause it's kinda of like a public forum I mean I don't know like the specifics of the Myspace posts, but I'm assuming that you could just go to any Myspace and type in slash whatever and just get information without having any prior qualification or having to belong to any kind of group or anything like that so I think it's legitimate to use that kind of information or for the [inaudible] like information off of that kinda page

I think they still have to withhold or uphold um  like privacy concerns though like if it's a private group even though that information should stay on, you shouldn't have to worry that it can be accessed by anyone

On Myspace

Well, again, that's like that's public information I mean that could be technically um classified as like slander couldn't it?

I think you gotta realize thought that the internet's not the most secure place to put information. 

Well

No, that's ok. So, do you guys think that they should be able to use information that's like part of a private group type thing? Or

I think they established that they're allowed to use that, right? Pictures and 

Well, possession of alcohol I guess.

I mean you can never really tell anything from a picture just because it's like static like even if you're going like that you can just say you were spit it our after or it's water for the recorder, I was holding a beer can 

Say that again.

Huh, that's interesting. Well, like Facebook, how would they access that?

Look at this, rapist occupation
 
What about if you work at a uh  brewry brew-er-ry that could be a conflict of interest with your job

What if you're an alcoholic working at a brewery, and they you know looking into your personal life or whatever I mean that could effect your it's just an example I don't know 

I guess it would have to be some kind of action that warrants certain

What do you guys think about uh the [inaudible] 

Well first of all, do you support it or?

Well, I don't think it would be possible to for them to like a mainstream you know terrorists like where they go hang out

I would support it as long as I can be guaranteed that that information won't be used for anything else besides catching terrorists. I mean otherwise, it's just like a total invasion of privacy.

As long as it does have that one purpose, I mean nothing bad can ever come

Also, I think that when somebody established those rights like they never imagined we could be in this kind of war where it could be you know any attack at any time and it's just so like internal all these insurgents all over the place

Why is it racial profiling? Because most of the calls they pick up are Middle Easter in origin or?

Ok

Oh, I got ya.

