One main issue I have is um  how alcohol and cigarettes are both legal and they both have their you know positives and negatives so I mean uh I don't see a big difference between that and marijuana both of those

Yeah

Alcoholism and liver

I think they need to like like get and exact definition of what a drug is because I mean just like you said grouping marijuana with all those other physically addictive

Yeah, like hallucinogens like that I mean it just seems I don't know not smart
 
Would you think that they should legalize it or just leave it for the medicinal purposes?

When you say it's a gateway drug like you think of it like a physical like you move on

But, I mean it's psychological like it's just like anything else it's up to the person you know? It's only a gateway drug I don't know I only think of it as meaning a gateway drug as meaning you do that like you do marijuana and then you see it's not that bad and then you wanna move on to other things just to like I don't know have more fun or whatever

Cigarettes to me are a lot more like disgusting to just think of I mean I don't know everything that's in a cigarette

I mean just tons of things that are in there. I mean marijuana that's a plant that comes out of the ground that's it you know

Physically addictive, yeah

It's funny though like how much more solid the information is that they have against cigarettes is in the Truth commercials it's all facts and everything but, then if you see the Truth commercials about marijuana they have like that that campaign now with 

Yeah, they have that. They have the cartoon guy that doesn't want to walk his cartoon dog for some reason.

Make them more legal? 

What's interesting I don't know if this like came up in your chat groups or whatever um, but it came up in mine how if they made it legal I thought that there might be a big decrease in like teenagers using it because it loses that like thrill factor of you know doing something illegal and going against the

Yeah I mean it's so widespread it just like why not make it legal because you can avoid all those like you know if there's like some marijuana like drug dealing people get shot because of it if you can avoid that like why I mean like you said it's really not its really not gonna change the crowd of people who do it

If you go from illegal to legal

There's no crime.

Well they're depending on the [inaudible]

Yeah, I think that the people that actually change are the people that don't do it solely because it's illegal.

Yeah

That's true. I think it's more just like intensity on like your lungs because I mean obviously marijuana has a much larger, more intense effect than like a cigarette so just like having one marijuana cigarette is like the same for your lungs as like 5 or whatever it is

It's four or five.

You can?

So you think it should be legalized?
 
That statistic doesn't really tell a lot 

My chat group

Um 

Well, they said the gateway drug thing. Um, they also said how it's worse for you than cigarettes. I think they brought up all the

One thing I was gonna ask you guys, actually um you know how they have decriminalized marijuana in Spain and like some other countries did you you didn't hear that?

They decriminalized it, so it's not a so smoking marijuana is not a criminal act now it's just something that you can be fined for, but it's not like a felony or anything like that or whatever um, do you guys

Yeah, you get like fined or whatever and I think you're allowed to carry like a certain amount on you like Amsterdam I'm not sure if you get but, do you think like if we did that here do you think that's enough? or like do you think it should still be legalized? like what do you guys think about the whole decriminalization idea?
 
I don't think so. I think they're saying the act anytime is still fineable.

Yeah, so I don't ya know you'd be much more willing to like smoke

Yeah, you wouldn't worry so much about getting caught, and you know

I think that's definitely good oh, wait I'm sorry, I just interrupted you 

Alright  I wasn't sure. Um, I think it's good to decriminalize it because I don't agree I mean I don't know can you go to jail like just for marijuana?

Really? I mean how can you do that to someone? I mean it's not like they're evil for doing it. You know like

Yeah

That's ridiculous. That's such like a huge punishment for a person I mean that's horrible

Yeah, Ok if they don't want people do it that's fine, but it certainly doesn't warrant prison to me

Peace pipe

Yeah

[Inaudible]

I have uh one question um do you think legalizing marijuana will lead to questions about legalizing other more like serious drugs, or?
 
That's true. I don't even know if you can die from smoking marijuana.

It's probably something they would do under the influence of it.

I've heard of uh people actually getting caught by police and people would actually let them go all they were doing is just smoking you know

Yeah, that's what I was thinking and definitely

Um one little thing gonna relate it back to the Catholic Church thing that I just thought of um someone I know um confessed to a priest that they smoked marijuana and he told that person that um  it's not a sin he said uh that it's like if you do like if you sin under the act then that's like a sin

Yeah, so, that's kinda interesting. Plus, if you did a sin under the act, it's still a sin anyway so  so basically, like I don't know if I don't know the official Catholic stance, but if I mean that's kind of interesting
Yeah  throwin that out there

Hippies the hippies

When were like laws made against it, cause I don't I feel like back then it was kinda just sparking I might be totally wrong with that but like I don't I can't think of someone in the thirties like smoking a joint or something you know?

Ahh, that's interesting.










