I think as long as it is not a choice, then it should be legalized. Cause I mean, how can you discriminate against someone it's just like race I mean you have no choice in that just like gender discussions, you know? Cause if its not your fault you can't discriminate against someone for that

Well for one, I think um two men or two women raising a child um the child missed the other portion like I think like a man and woman balance it out sort of like how we were talking about in the gender conversation um that's for one and also one thing I was just thinking of like randomly wondering either the [inaudible] or something um if you say that if being gay was shown to be like a choice or whatever like a complete choice and then you say it's ok like you have to say it's ok for everyone but then like if everyone was gay then this whole thing of like population like we wouldn't be populating the world I mean I thought of that like once I don't know

Well, if it's a choice though then that's something that you can change like you might get up to a point in your life where you change that choice you know?

Exactly, yeah why would someone choose a life of discrimination that's like amazing
I could see like a teenager though just being confused either just like being introduced to like their sexuality you know and all that or just to like rebel like just like break the norm and try like

But, I'm saying though instances where it could be a choice

Yeah

Do you guys feel um that having them have like a marriage except calling it something different would be enough?

It seems like it shouldn't be the government's place to decide whether this is right or wrong cause

Yeah

Well, yeah I mean its' definitely possible.

What if it was uh shown to actually be something that they could fix, and I put quotation marks for the reporter. 

What if 

Well, it's just like the whole marijuana, cigarette thing I mean marijuana's bad for you its just more natural I mean it typically you go towards things that are more natural I don't know like in general you know

I feel like um being gay definitely could be a combination of like nature but also nurture like as well so like I mean I don't know what kind of implications that would have like I know you said before um or we were talking about this for a while how um the government is worried about people raising someone gay so I don't know I mean if that came out what that would mean

Well, I know a lot of times they say they can tell like you can tell like just from a child like like early on like they'll just have certain signs, and you know when they get older they're gonna be gay

But, I'm sure if like they'd you know given him all these big trucks and G.I. Joe's he probably woulda turned out the same
 
Giving him trucks and G.I. Joe's

Well, like I said before like for a teenager I could see them either getting confused or something.

I'm saying like you have to make that clarification like

It was a defense mechanism.
 
I mean, I can see people like like being uncomfortable like and I would say that's ok as long as like as long as you don't discriminate against someone or make them feel

Yeah

But, I mean even you guys like you said um you could never picture yourself like like being with a woman I mean I could understand how people could be like uncomfortable like don't want to like you know see like gay people you know 

Even like a regular couple doesn't

Yeah

Um something I just thought of remember when we talked about gender discrimination? we said the government might not want to make it legal because it would show weakness to other countries um because they might not respect you know women like especially like the Middle East do you think there could be that side of it for this issue also? I mean I don't know like foreign stances on gay marriage really

It's not like a gay couple's going to be the president together or you know what I mean? it's like they already other countries are already well aware of the upri- I mean watch any of our TV sitcoms
 
It'd be it's kind of almost outrageous to think that it's not legal I mean if they prove for sure that it's not a choice then I mean how could the government discriminate I mean how could they justify

Make some changes happen

What have they proved so far? Do you guys know?

Research about it?

Yeah that's true.










