Well, it's obvious that it hasn't gone very well but you can't hindsight is twenty-twenty you can't look back and justify to a degree your opinions based on ya know what happened you gotta base your decision on what information you have available at the time.

But what if we didn't go into Iraq and they ended up having Saddam had weapons of mass destruction cause I mean he's used them before on the Curds and Northern Iraq

Right, we'd be saying why didn't we

Or dismantle it

But, I mean one good thing that did come out of it was that we removed Saddam I don't think people understand how ya know bad his regime was. He, he if there was any signs of dissent he would just take people his secret police would take people and take them away and torture them and then kill them and their families too so I think it's important that he's out of power

Even though it destabilized the country

Right, people are different.

It's almost like it's almost like the U.S. has a cold war mindset still like they're trying to spread democracy but I mean there's no communism really left anymore so it really doesn't make sense why they'd still be doing that

I think because the U.S. is the most powerful country that they see they see themselves as having the responsibility to intervene maybe that's where colonialism could come from

I don't think they anticipated like Al-Kaida sending people to Iraq to like [inaudible] that's where they went wrong there I think
 
It's the typical case of choosing between you know the better of two evils.

Cause I mean if we stay it's like, what are we going to accomplish? But, how can we leave at this point?

I don't know who does.

I mean even the troops like don't even know what their fighting for

And that's a morale killer

You look at World War II and the Gulf War and there's like there's like no other option you gotta fight wasn't really clear or at least there was a divided opinion for the Iraq War

Suicide bombers
I think it's hard for us to make educated decisions though, because we don't have all of the intelligence

That the decision makers have

We don't have the information.

Just to stop terrorism

It's a good conspiracy theory.

I don't know, but if that's the case

I mean the end of oil is in sight it's within like a hundred years we're gonna run out of fossil fuels so we gotta find other sources of energy

They say they're making big strides but you know

And there's a demand for it.

I don't think it's a bad thing that they're doing that.

Because they've got to have a certain number of personnel and by hiring those defense contractors then that frees up the standard army soldiers so it like allows them not to be there for so long and everybody gets upset when people have to stay longer so I think that kind of alleviates that problem a little bit

Do you think it could happen like with Iran? The same kind of thing? Or even North Korea?

Or have we learned our lesson?

Yeah, that guy's a nut case.

I think it's obvious that it's gone on long enough. But, I think that Bush just has to realize that ya know it's time to it's time to get out

Right

Right, he's not like an evil guy.

I think the aim was to train the Iraqi police force and it just hasn't panned out like we thought it would.

I think we should we should just let the informed people the analysts they should make the decisions, and not us and Bush should be open to their advice

And they don't have a crystal ball. They're just making estimates.
