And it falls on the individual to you know lead their own life not make excuses for anything

I think employers today just care about skills. They don't have time to deal with gender discrimination because like if you have a woman with the same skill set as a man or even a better skill set if you reject her and hire the man you're company's going to be worse off because you didn't hire the 

I think it's important to note that there are just some jobs that favor men or some that favor women like if you're a cosmetics you know dealer you'd probably take a woman over a man

And there are some people that will complain about gender discrimination if they can't get that job, but it's just because they're not suited to it.

Right, so it goes both ways.

I think it's a pride issue. Like the man for a man to have his wife make more than him I don't know just from the beginning of time the husband has like gone out and caught dinner and all that so society's adapting I don't know, it's just 

Right

I think the feminist movement sometimes tries to find conflict where there is none. They'll see men as the enemy and you know it's just not the case

And men and women will just fall under different jobs like nobody's forcing men to be more predominant in like engineering that's just the way the chips fall

Right

I think there's an issue of like other countries maybe viewing us as weaker just because of their voice on 

There's also the issue of a woman being the Commander in Chief which is just I don't know in my opinion most generals are males so I don't know maybe a woman president wouldn't be able to understand I don't know I'm sure they'd be able to understand but I don't know what I'm saying

I think you have to keep in mind that you know people can vote for a man or a woman so

Including women

[S3] I don't.

Although it has happened in other countries like in Britain with Margaret Thatcher in the 80's she was Prime Minister that seemed to work
Right, I'm not saying [inaudible]

We're a much bigger player.

I think the feminist movement had it's place maybe fifty, sixty years ago but today I mean they've closed the gap so much 

Yeah, right.

And there are men too who will fight for women's issues

Like um abortion there are men who are pro-choice so

I don't know if you can actively change it. It just kind of has to happen.

Maybe, the world will never you know see women as equal
 
Custody

I think that stems from the uh father being the primary bread winner as opposed to the women who just stays home

