I think marijuana can't be classified with like other drugs like cocaine and heroin cause first of all, it's not addictive as far as I know and the effects aren't nearly as bad, so I don't see any reasons why it can't be legalized.

I mean, there are good drugs too. The majority of drugs are used for medicinal purposes. I work in a hospital pharmacy, and we've got narcotics you know that are illegal in the street but, they're legal for medicinal and so marijuana does have medicinal properties so I it's stupid not to utilize that

I think marijuana should be legalized for general purposes.

I think there's like a there's like a stigma around marijuana that like the government created you know Ronald Reagan's war on drugs and uh we were all told never to use drugs that they in reality, it's not that bad

Plus, cigarettes are addictive and that's that's what

You look at a place like Amsterdam where it is legal

Right it works there so why wouldn't it work here? It's not like people running crazy in the streets.

And the people who don't drink just I think it's more of a moral thing

Or it's illegal sometimes.

And people argue that marijuana smoke is worse than cigarette smoke, but at the same time, you're not smoking marijuana as much as you're smoking cigarettes so

Yeah, I think I saw that in a commercial.
 
And, if you use anything in excess it's gonna be bad for you.

Or if you drink too much water, you can die from that.

They were given Nintendo Wii

I think so, especially on the like second or third offense.

And I think that people don't consider the fact that the prison system it's way overpopulated

And a lot of people that are in there are in there for marijuana charges they're just taking up space and taking up money

And if you look at other cultures, there's like some Native Americans I don't know they'll smoke like mescaline or whatever that is and it's not it's like a religious thing it's not 

Yeah, they don't see it as bad.

Right it stimulates appetite for like AIDS patients I know that um and it's like a pain reducer for cancer patients

After all the bad things they've said about it.

Wh-what?

Although, back then, it wasn't just marijuana. It was also LSD you know
