Yea so then you don't need to be Christian right like Catholic if you don't want to accept it anymore?

What of Episcopalians don't aren't black and white?

They are?

Either


Either oh is the Catholic Church is Episcopalians under the Catholic Church?


Oh they don't have a [inaudible]
 
Oh.

Do you consider yourself religious?

The thing is there's human nature though

Good point.

Um I it's such a close room [Laughter] um I don't know I just feel bad for that the Catholic Church will sometimes get a bad rap for stuff like that when it could happen anywhere with anyone and I I don't know I just I feel like they've just got kind of labeled as like ya know bad priests and everything but 

So if there wasn't a rule they wouldn't care if they were pedophiles? Or?

[S6] Yea I mean and it's not like you there are a handful of married Catholic priests around the country and the way to do it is to become an Episcopalian priest first 

Oh, really?

So Episcopalians can be married? 

What are the other religions that you guys know?

I didn't even know priests I feel kind of stupid saying this but I didn't even know priests like under the Catholic religion could get married I guess I just know what I know from my town, from my church, and that's

Makes me feel a little better [Laughter]
 

I guess to continue the pedophile thing um did you I'm not very clear on the whole situation are any of you? On what happened like was there a cover-up or something I just remember hearing different rumors about

Uh-huh

A couple cases?

Were you guys impacted at all by it?

Do you?
.

And what did he think?

Oh really?

Do you think the church would that would stuff like that would change if um priests were able to be married?

But isn't it like I don't know I've heard stories like even on TV like Special Victims Unit and all like those Law and Order shows [Laughter] it's like you'll have married couples married men who have like that secret life and they're pedophiles

But they do they do have those urges even though they have a wife

It'd be an easy job 

I agree but I don't think it's ever gonna happen

I don't think it will ever change.

They're set in their ways

Forever

Why do you think that is?

You don't think it's as pressured over? 

You don't think it's as pressured life is as pressured?

Europe we're talking about?

Did you guys ever hear there's a new um movie coming out with Dakota Fanning in it but you heard about that?
And they're did you hear?

There's like a rape scene and she's like a little girl being raped by an older man and there were a lot of people that were protesting to that just because it gives you like a like you were saying like a visual

Like the idea?

I wanted to go to church after I saw it [Laughter]

Yea intense 

What does your uncle think?

Did he ever give you into any insight as to why he thinks does he want priests to get married?

Oh wow

No not you [Laughter]

I don't know I kind of appreciate that structure

Sometimes I do I don't know why

What are you now? Are you anything? Or?

Oh

And what are you?

With as him?

Yea

What did you guys start questioning? I'm just curious. 

Ok 

Oh about abortion?

Um I I think it's so easy to say like no abortion but then when you are in that specific situation it really depends on each person like cause I know I've had friends who have ya know had the near mishap like their period comes a month late and just they freak out about it and that question comes to mind and then when you kind of sit there thinking about it I actually have a good friend of mine who had an abortion when she was in the 8th grade so at that point in time I guess I would understand it but I don't know if I would ever be able to do it

I don't like I agree with like the whole rape thing that's just an awful thing

To think about it and you're right about like you may not want to give up the baby once you had it in you for 9 months and but then but then would you be able to live with the baby

Cause you know what half of that came out of such an angry such an awful type of thing

Uh-huh No I agree with you

Uh-huh

It's not free is it free? No.

That's what I thought [inaudible]

I don't know cause like I said I was Catholic I guess but then like what is your opinion on this like I say that that but then I would consider in like a situation like that an abortion

Well to say what I feel like yea

Isn't G-d supposed to forgive us?

Is against the religion to go to smoke?

I understand the whole like when you sin we're supposed to be sinning like at least when we have sex

Cause it's supposed to be a sacred act and you're supposed to produce and that's what sex is supposed to be I just never thought about smoking as a sin

Like cigarettes or like weed stuff like? 

Both ok

Ok any substance

What were some the reasons why G-d did you read it? Or you just

[Laughter]


They only had 6 weeks?

Oh ok.

 I almost forgot what we were talking about
	
I remember you bringing it back a few times [Laughter]Thank you

Ok yea I don't think they will

I could see where you guys come from on some different points but yea I just don't think we will

I feel like it's effortless like you shouldn't even try to bother almost I hate to say that

Yea to try to change it cause we can't really you were right like you said you have to be up in the hierarchy to actually make a change and

We we definitely can't

That's a good point.


