
Yes

Ok go with it

I yea I agree with you guys that it should um be allowed um but I think I don't know if um it would be such a big change that I don't like if it was up to me I don't know what I would do cause it's just like what you're saying what we're so used to and what it would just almost be like it would be so hard to get used to ya know it's not longer that you could guess out a married couple anymore it's like you would have there's so many different options then

Once that would happen and I think that's what some people are now scared about like seeing this it would be such a drastic change it would create like that whole um what is the name for that family like the nuclear family

Is it that what it was called?

A nuclear family would totally change

Like those things that we learned would just be so different and I think there's a lot of people that are set in their ways and it may be until we all have kids that there is actually change cause there's that generation just had to die out 

We're gonna make more moves towards it 

At this time I don't know if um I would vote it in like now

Because I think it's people there aren't enough people accepting of it and then I think that would be unfair to say if there was a married couple and they had kids they adopted or they just had kids or something I think the kids because not all people are accepting of it now that it would be unfair to the kids that the kids would get taunted or something like that

But I definitely would want it for the future like the near future but

Yea I just yea I just feel like it would just there would be so many people that are against it and have like a hate for homosexual relationships and just I I can't see it being I feel like it would there would just be a lot of bad that would come with

It happening

Uh-huh

Oh ok

Ok yea well when you compare it to that I mean
That is a very good point. 

Yea

So why do they whyhow do they take a how do they 

Uh-huh 

When um was a law made that banned gay marriage?

There is no law?

So then what

Oh so there is no amendment for the banning of gay marriage

It's just states don't allow it?

When did states start banning it or was it just always in a states

Like they're allowed to?

New Jersey allows gay couples to marry? And California?

Foreign countries do?

Same sex

And then [Inaudible]

A teenager, right?

Yea I think there's a lot of angry people concerned worried that becoming that concerning this topic 

Same sex?

What does the bible does the bible really flat out say no to same sex?

The Old Testament does?

What does it just 

Murder?

So it's just like gossiping?
That's so then for that to be forgiven you have to end relations 

To be forgiven for like I'm just saying to be forgiven for something like that what do you have to do then just end relations with

For

Do your parents know?

No?

Ok 

Oh keep going

How um how do what are some people's explanations of of homosexuality? Do you know like do you think it's genetics? Ya know some people say it must be the way they were raised or is it genetics?

So genetics more internal like that's just the way you are the way 

That's why I'm bringing it up cause there was a little section

I grew up across the street from a boy who was two years old than me and I hung out with all his friends but like I hung out with them I thought they were cute and like I didn't

Like I I would do things like even from when we were younger like we would be out playing hide and go seek manhunt like over summer like water balloon fights and everything but I don't know about that never made me like they treated me as one of the guys but I knew I wasn't like I would still run around in little skirts

Uh-huh

Uh-huh

Uh-huh

There's gay sheep?

That's very interesting.

So then it really isn't your environment almost if sheep are that way

Like it's just something that's been in us

See I never heard of that I never knew that animals expressed

And don't we stem from animals?

Wow

Do democrats will they allow for it?

He's taking a very bold stand and just flat out

Saying it

And amendments are meant to restrict the government.

About the woman?

Silence

I think all people should have the same rights to be able to yea forgetting about their sexuality that everyone should have equal rights
