Yes

I think it's  um  not noble  but  I think it was  the attempt had good intentions in it but I don't think it's really helped that much  so I could see where people say just bring the troops back but then at the same time I kinda feel safer knowing  that  they're there  and  that like  the fighting is being focused over there and not here  like  cause I couldn't even imagine what life would be like  living there

If like the war was here  so  I mean  I guess I would have to say  I support it  because  more for selfish reasons because me and my  I know that  I'm still safe here

What do you mean by tactical?

Because they sent over so many troops?

But now we've just got so many more enemies  coming from anywhere

What does WMD  I'm sorry

Oh  he didn't believe that himself?

So what  they were telling us so we would support  them being there?

I have no strong feeling  so  um  I mean  on president  whatever  politics

So I can't agree or disagree with you guys 

Yea  that would be kind of unfair  to just leave them now  after we've kind of tore down everything 

We need to finish the job now

Uh-huh

Um  I think it's a tough situation  and  I don't really like thinking about it that much  just because it's so complicated and it can almost give you a headache thinking about  the  what ifs and  everything  I don't really  I don't know  I think it's a shame that any of this has to happen  that we have to be put in this position  or that we have to put them in this position  that any of this  happened to begin with 

Yea  I think  maybe  we made a mountain out of a mole hill

Just

Both of them know it

So what happens if a democrat goes into office?

What happens in Iraq? Are the troops automatically pulled out?

So  it doesn't really matter then  if  we change presidents 

A slow withdrawal

Oh  to get other nations in on helping us?

Or just giving it  handing it off  to them  like here  we tried

No  it's not

That's so unfortunate 

But what about us? What if that ever happened to us? Do you ever see it coming here?

Not fully destroyed  but

And they all collapsed

 Impeach

Laura Bush

There's two  oh wait  is that his wife or one of his daughters?

Doesn't he have a daughter Laura Bush?

Oh  it's not Laura? 

What was the original question? What are our thoughts?

Does congress support the war in Iraq?

Not really. 

