Yes

Um I guess yea I think it does exist a little bit but I think it sometimes can exist for guys also like just to bring up like the nanny thing like guys no one wants a guy a male as their child's nanny really so I mean I don't find too many stories or here find myself really affected by it that much cause you still see women in high position jobs like I know a lot of people around me the women have better jobs than their husbands and then like on TV there are you'll see different things like the show Desperate Housewives Do you guys watch it?

Well they have like it's just they have I think it's I think women are in the work fields a lot because like um one of the women is was like this high she was high in the business world whatever but then she stopped to become a housewife so it was kind of her choice so I think that that's nice that women are able to now be able to choose between the two

Do you mind it? Just being a girl? Like do you care? You seem like a paternalistic attitude

Yea all capable of the same thing

Would you ever want to be a stay-at-home mom?

I thought u were gonna say 3 to 18

It's hard

That's a pretty decent size

So what was the original question?

In the workplace?

I don't I haven't really heard any stories about gender discrimination in the workplace like firsthand I haven't seen it really I don't I don't hear about it that much

Yea I think that's the only 

Yea I would yea I was gonna say I would kind of agree with that to maybe the gender discrimination is more not really as much a discrimination but sometimes women not reaching for those jobs because they feel like they're not supposed to be because of their like what what is expected of them like just um actually someone was just um a person I work with was mentioning the other day they had like a meeting about how a lot of the higher like the presidents of the things here or like the whatever the higher people are all males and like the women in our school even though there are more of us will go for the vice president or the secretary or the treasurer and they were saying that they think it has to do with a lot of the population here like just for example being Italian almost ya know like the Italian where the is that dominant guy and the woman the woman I don't want to sound bad but like the woman will take the below them just as something

It would be different

Stay-at-home dads

You hear about a lot of stay-at-home dads 

Uh-huh

Yea I can definitely see that. Has there ever been a women um to run for President besides now Hilary Clinton thinking about it?

Dole?

In the early 90s?

When did that happen?

Oh so it's she's

Is that why they applauded her I remember watching the State of

Oh

So it's already changing.

Of the college?

Yea

Is there a second part to the question or was it just that one?

Well I think sometimes the men men can be discriminated against in the workplace like you said with um um that you want to be a nurse like in the nursing like it just looks sometimes funny when you see a male as a nurse it's like oh ok

Uh-huh

I guess that would be yea a discrimination

Ben Stiller

Uh-huh
I'm sure there's probably some very feminist women too who would be but discriminate against guys just because 

They think all women are or have been dealing with it so but I think that's kind of unfair

Yea it's like fighting against them 

Uh-huh 

I don't know if there's anything else to say

Well I kind of think almost but it's what you said because of our gender we're more inclined to do things is that how you ended it or

I kind of I guess would agree with that because I don't think that there's many women that would want to work in construction

And I don't think there's many men that would choose to um 

Yea be a nanny trying to think I was gonna say hairstylist or something but then I had there's so many  it's so I think but back in back then would there be as many men hairstylists? No right? So everything's kind of starting were there or 

Mixing now

Uh-huh

Silence Gender discrimination this is probably hard cause we're not really like in the work place

In school

Yes they are

That's like psychology I'm doing a lot of psychology class

Uh-huh and I think that there's maybe 4 or 5 guys in my class

What are you?

Bio? Are you evenly split? Or

In the bio department?

But then like in my Spanish I know that but with my Spanish class like just a regular class that everyone has to take there's more guys
In that class 

Uh-huh 

Are you a computer science major? 

I didn't know that

Yea that is a big gap

Give me an example

Just because I'm a girl I'm supposed to act?

I'm scared 

Wear a north face, Uggs

Pop the collar

I hate the polo shirts

Their own Uggs I didn't know there were guys Uggs until I came to this campus 

I'm lazy during winter

So if you see any if you see me in Springville on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays I work so I do dress nicer on those days unlike on Tuesdays and Thursdays that's why I kind of feel like cause I'll sit there and like laugh about with some of my friends like oh yea people really get like decked out but then sometimes on like those days when I work I have to dress nicer so I kind of feel like  I just put my head down walking across the bridge um yea but I guess I would agree that there is a gender discrimination as to what is expected of males and females at this school like you said

That's a good example

That is a good example because that's exactly how I feel like it's always portrayed

Even if people are pretending

But in reality I think that can sometimes be opposite well not opposite but like I see some guys who are sloppy messes and they haven't even drank anything and then some girls who are sloppy messes after taking 2 shots for some reason

But then there's also girls who can out drink

Um trying to think of other ways of gender discrimination what about in um expectations for like making the move on a date I always think oh it's supposed to be the guy definitely like it's a guys job

Uh-huh

There's so many unspoken rules

He's applauded

I don't like that

I don't like that at all
