 Wait so your friends changed your mind about it?

 Well, I mean separation of church and state isn't actually in the Constitution

 Exactly, it wouldn't seem to harm the state to [inaudible]
 
 Yeah
 
 I can't believe they did that. So wait, what was your reaction to that?

 No they reacted they what they petitioned or?

 Really?
 
 The Midwest it's not like it's the first time that states have you know made laws that they ban certain types of marriages, you know I can I just wonder if it's not just you know twenty first century version of you know, banning interracial marriages and even that you know there is still plenty of racism in this country

 And, and so 

 Yeah, and so I mean I agree with you you said you know you think there's still a lot of people in this country who really are not OK with it, and criticize it, and things like that, but I um in terms of I guess civil unions versus marriage I I think they should be able to get married I don't know what is it, Vermont is civil union and New Jersey is civil union

 Massachusetts is actual marriage I think.

 Yeah
 
 My aunt married um a black man and my grandparents after uh my grandfather retired they used to live in New York uh they moved to North Carolina and to a very rural area then my aunt her family won't go down there cause there's you know racism still exists and

 Homosexuality?

 I mean, I don't know if the church's policy has turned out all that well I mean can't help but think that the repression of homosexuality had something to do with you know the priests

 I mean, you I mean kids are brought up by so many different kinds of families now I mean by grandparents, single parents, or aunts, uncles whatever I mean at least and many kids grow up without a loving family or a good home or anything like that so I don't know why not you know then

 At least there's full proof for that.

 I don't think that's right to begin with.

 But, I mean I used to be I don't think that's right I mean I think that you could kinda compare that even to I mean that sounds to me like something the Nazis wanted to do

 I mean 
 
 I mean wow 

 Yeah

 Yeah

 I think that the government has bigger problems that they need to worry about.

 Yeah

 Throw it out there.

 I mean gay couples it isn't likely they have their own problems regardless of what I mean they should still at least be given the same chance heterosexual couples are given

 That's longer than most marriages.

 Got any more statistics?

 I can't help but think that sorry that an amendment banning gay marriage would do anything else but just enforce and encourage more people to discriminate against gays and be more hostile against them.

 And then you feel the only way you can have kids is if you do a conventional, heterosexual marriage and then you

 And the whole family

 New Jersey

 I'm from northern New Jersey like ten minutes from New York City.

 I mean it's

 I mean yeah that scares me the fact that you know people I've witnessed personally like racism with African Americans it all still scares me it doesn't like you said it doesn't go away it just keeps

