Well

Whereas you actually you know you sign an agreement you know for Myspace

Well, here's the question, well this specific topic at least involves school officials looking at Myspace web pages now can is it acceptable for school officials to tap kids' phones?
 
I was was thinking of high school like home phones

Cause let's say I mean I don't know how they uh  if this well I mean if the student's doing it from a computer, you know when they're home you know posting this Myspace or whatever[inaudible] can they tape their phones?

Yeah, anyone can

Yeah

Expelled?

That's I went I went to an all-girls, Catholic high-school too and there was this similar situation in that the girl's um which was stupid of them, but they were looking at these photos on a school computer

On someone's Myspace and it was pictures of you know some of the girls drinking and, um uh and so the school can access all the websites that you go to on the school computer and so the principal saw this and I can't believe they actually expelled the girl but, they just they just called the parents and told them about it

What school did you go to?

The [inaudible] look at it

Same thing

What do you have any idea

What she exactly said?

I mean that has to be considered because that's probably what the situation is like the example with you know preventing a school shooting is probably the same thing as I'm going to go kill someone so you have to investigate that I think

Then you'd have like an F.B.I. official at every house in America.

Sorry, you were doing that

Yeah

Well, yeah its public information I mean 

I'm curious, what did uh  did she her family take any kind of action against the school?

Well really in a school you know privacy really isn't a very important thing the important thing is you know education and safety

I think at least in terms of a school, safety is more important in my opinion
 
You're talking about the internet?

Was there some kind of warrant for that, to, to

I mean  well but I mean that's kind of like searching someone's house too they don't need their permission as long as they have a warrant

Well

No, no please

I mean, I think same thing with searching the house if there's a legitimate suspicion for it and they do get some sort of warrant for it, then it's acceptable but, I think that they should know about it the same rules should apply to a situation like searching someone's house

No, I do. 

I understand, but then also just I mean to talk about this specific topic of the school I think that safety is more important than privacy

Well, yeah.

I think

I think it needs to be sanctioned by like a court order.

Well, usually the courts

Well, I guess the courts don't establish a standard, kind of like they, they

Then I guess that's the way it is for that. I guess that's the way it should be for unless someone can think of something better

I know, but I think the things about the problem is you can't really standardize like individual it's never gonna be standardized because individual cases are so different
I mean I don't think the government and the executive branch by itself has the right to tap people's phones.

Right. 

I mean in terms of I don't know in terms of schools like I know people I think it was my junior year we had a lock down drill and the school brought in cops and dogs to sniff out drugs in people's lockers 

I mean, and you know a lot I mean a lot of people complained about that and were angry about that, but I thought about it and it's school property I mean the school has the right to do whatever really search whatever it's school property the locker isn't your property, it's the school's property and so 

Unless, unless you give unless you give the government reason uh

To take away your rights, which once again I think comes down to with what we were talking about with warrants and things like that.

What was the original question?

Yeah I mean internet public space school officials, part of the public

No

Yeah

Freshman

I know I get people from my old high school who I never talk to a day in my life like trying to friend me

Oh, I can't do that. I can only do two.

No, they can't do it.

My grandma does that actually my grandma has a screen name






