I wonder what a small amount is.

Well tobacco can kill you and I mean it's been documented that gosh how many people have died from lung cancer caused by smoking for their entire life and that's legal and there have been no deaths attributed to marijuana use but there's been tons attributed to alcohol usage both alcohol and tobacco um  are legal for people of a certain age

Well, what kind of difference? Like what do you notice?

Well, if I may say, I think the law said that you had to be over 21 to do 
 
Something like that.
 
Yeah

Something that I've been wondering about uh  people are allowed to have certain amounts small amounts of marijuana for personal use how do they go about getting it and would that I know cause some people talk about how it'll combat drug trafficking and things like that well, if it I'm assuming it would still be illegal to sell

And I think that should be I mean attached to a law like that the same kind of restrictions that go along with alcohol

So, if it's so present and prevalent already when it's

illegal I mean what can the what can the difference be if it's made legal small amounts? like do you think they'll be any difference if so many people do it already

Mmhmm.

Wait, so it seems like you're saying that if it was made legal that it would actually 

Well, like alcohol it's so easy to get it before you're 21

Although, still I think even in the United States which is [inaudible] suburbs things like that where I mean our society is really so much more based on cars

Even in cities you know American cities are so divided into residential and work and, and as opposed to a European city

But even so, just like in general like

But, then again you're probably going to have the same problems with underage usage that you have with alcohol.

But, not enough of like a widespread usage.
Has anyone cause I never heard of about this until this study did anyone hear about this?

I mean did you read anything else about it like have you

Although although if I can just say that moderate amounts of alcohol have proven to be helpful in medical ways

But, then again, you know, cigarettes don't help you at all. It just harms you.

Do you know any other harmful effects you know how you were talking about it's more potent in the long than cigarettes

Wait, but didn't you say though if they make it legal that less people would use it?
 
Like at what point does it affect others?









